defending the thinking of France.	Supporting the French proposal	France  suggestion was appriciatable.	France has supported the proposal.
The meeting of commattee was held on Friday in parliment house in the control of Mushahid Hussain Syed in that it was suggested that he send helping things and representatives parties and a parlenani persons to Falaatin.	The meeting of the committee took place in the parliament house under the chairmanship of the committee chairman Mushahid Husain Syed, in which they proposed to the government to send a delegation, with representatives of all political parties apart from humanitarian aid to Palestine.	When commity's meeting was set up in the parliment house the chairman Mushahid  hussain syeed of the commity in his presence the   suggestion was given to the government,not only with the help of donating thinks but also  with all the political group to send to the parliment of Paliestien.	The Chairman of the Committee of the Summit,  Mushahid Hussain Syed said in the Committee meeting on Friday at the Parliament House about the proposal on the relief goods to Palestine and that a Parliamentary delegation has been sent.
After the meeting Mushahid Hussain said talking with media representatives that the commettee said welcome the suggest by France in which it was called that Israel stop the war and with this give permission to help in helping works for injured persons in Ghaza.	After the meeting, speaking to representatives of the press, Mushahid Husain Syed said that the committee welcomed the proposal given by France, in which it was stated that Israel calls an immediate ceasefire and allow humanitarian work among the affected people of Gaza.	After the meeting while talking to one of the   member Mushahid hussain sayeed told  by the side of France  suggestion was accepted,in which it is said that the Israial's should stop the war immediatly,besides all this   the people who are in the cave should be permitted to do some work.	After the meeting, Mushahid Hussain Syed said to the representatives of media that the Committee at France has welcomed the proposal for the relief work for the affected people in the Gaza Strip.
He named the attacks by Israel on Israel attacks the criminal against humanity and said that all countries should dispraise these attacks of Israel.	Calling the Israeli attacks on Palestine, a crime against humanity, he said that all countries should derogate these attacks.	On behalf of Israil  the attack on paliestien was declared as the crime on humanity, they said that all the countries should help.	He said that the Israeli attack is a crime on humanity and that all the countries should condemn the attacks.
Mushahid Hussain said criticizing the second standard of the world that the people whom talk against terrorism but they are quite of Israel at attacks on Falastin.	Mushahid Husain made the double standards of the countries of the world a target of his attack, and said that why are those who speak against terrorism, quiet about the Israeli attacks on Palestine?	Mushahid hussain said that all the countries gives their opinion on terraisiom  but attack of Israil on paliestien why all are quiet.	Mushahid Hussain while criticizing the world to double standards said that the people should be against terrorism, but they are still against the Palestinians in the attacks.
The chairman of commettee for external matters criticized the slow action of leaders.	The chairman of the standing committee of external affairs in the senate also targeted the leaders of Muslim nation who were taking a quiet stance on the matter of Palestine.	The chairman of the commiety  said the paliestien's matter  Saddam's brother Tanfeed was made target.	The foreign affairs Minister in the Senate Standing Committee Chairman and the leaders of the Muslim Ummah were also criticized.
He said that the commettee has expressed this hope that the new elected president of America obama will deliver speech to Muslim Ummah due to abolish the clash between America and Muslim Umma.	He said that the committee expressed hope that the newly elected American President, Barack Obama would speak to the Muslim nation, within his first 100 days of his government, to bridge the gulf forming between American and the Muslim nation.	They said that the commiety has said that America's prime minister Barack Obama before100 days his government of set up,  he will speak to the muslim people to erase  and end the misunderstanding between muslim  people and America.	He said that the Committee expressed hope that the newly elected President of the United States Barak will address the Muslim Ummah in his first one hundred days.
Mushahid Hussain said that to decrease the clash between Muslim Umma and West there should be emergency undertakes but the old issues of Kashmir and Falastin should be solved.	Mushahid Husain Syed said that the gap formed between Muslim nation and the West should be filled by taking not only sudden steps but also by solving long standing issues like that of Kashmir and Palestine.	Mushahid hussain sayeed said that the arising misunderstanding between  muslim and western people will be seen and decided.Kashmir and paliestien problem will be solved.	Mushahid Hussain Syed said that Muslims and the West would give not only the emergency steps for Kashmir but also for the long standing problems like Palestine.
The external matter prime minister Malik Imad Jan said that the external ministers of Islamic countries are going to Saudi Arabia to attend meeting.	The minister of foreign affairs, Malik Imad told the committee that he was going to Saudi Arabia to attend the meeting of the foreign ministers of the governments of Islamic countries.	Malik imdad khan the ex minister said to the commiety that he will be attending the confrence of  THE Islamic countries which is held at Saudi Arabia.	Imaduddin Khan, the Minister of External Affairs and the state of the committee said that Saudi Arabia attended the meeting for the foreign ministers of the Islamic countries of the Organization.
This emergency meeting is called on Israelian attacks on Falastin.He said that it knows about the issue of Falastin and the govt. is connecting other countries for this issue.	This sudden meeting was called as a result of Israeli attacks on Palestine. He said that he was aware of the Palestinian matter and at present, the government was in contact with the premiers of other countries.	Failiour of the meeting Israil's attack on paliestien has requested that the peliestien's matter are unknown and the other country is trying to be in contact.	The emergency meeting by Israel as the result of the attacks was summoned. He said that the fashion of Palestine is aware and that the Government of other countries should be in touch with leaders in this regard.
Minister of foreign affairs said that issue of Palestine should be solved according to the resolutions of the United Nations.	minister of state for foreign affairs has said that the issue of Palestine should be resolved in accordance with the resolutions of the United Nations.	The prime minister of external affairs said that the issue of Falastin should be solved according to the planning of The United States.	The Minister of External Affairs of state said that the Palestine issues should be resolved according to the UN resolutions .
Two reporters from Arab countries also attended the seminar and they told about the current situation about Palestine in the seminar.	two journalists from Arab countries also joined the conference and they told about the latest situation in Palestine.	Two generalists belonging Arab countries also attended the meeting and told about the fresh situation of Falastin.	Two journalists from Arab countries attended the meeting on the latest situation of Palestine.
There in Islamabad, students of International University, Islamabad protested against the Israel attacks on Palestine.	in Islamabad, students of the International University demonstrated protest against the Israeli attacks on Palestine.	Here the students of International University in Islamabad made strike against Islaean attacks against Falastin.	On the other hand, the International University students went on a protest at Islamabad against the Israeli attacks on Palestine.
Protesters carried banners and placards, on which slogans against Israel were written.	the protesters were holding banners and placards having anti Israel slogans written on it.	The strikers hold banners and pads containing slogans against Israel.	The demonstrators also raised banners and slogans against Israel.
Avoiding dieting to prevent from flu.	abstention from dieting in order to avoid Flu.	Abstain from decrease eating in order to escape from flue.	In order to be safer from flu quit dieting.
This research of American scientists came in front after experimenting on mice.	This research from the American Scientists have come up after the experiments on rats.	This research of American scientists was shown after many experiments on mouses.	According to the American Scientist this research has come out after much experimentations on rats.
Experiments proved that mice on a lower calorie diet had comparatively less ability to fight the flu virus.	in has been proven from experiments that rats put on diet with less calories had less ability to resist the Flu virus.	It was proved by experiments the low calories eaters mouses had low defending power for flue in ratio.	Experimentaions have proved that those rats on less calories diet have developed a tendency of not overcoming the flu virus .
Research disproved the old axiom that " It is better to fast during fever"	research has proven this old myth wrong that its better to fast during fever.	The research proved this old talk that decrease eating is useful in fever.	This Research has proved the very old saying wrong that it is good to starve while in fever.
According to scientists, eat a lot during fever.	according to the scientists one should eat a lot during fever.	Eat and drink more in fever according to scientists.	According to the scientist a patient should eat more while in fever.
Researchers of the Michigan State University say that mice getting diet food were found to have very less ability to fight the infection and their chances of death also increased. On the other hand, mice getting regular diet had more energy against the flu virus	the researchers from the Michigan State University say that the rats on dieting had less power to resist the infection and their chances of dying had increased whereas rats on normal diet had better resistance against the Flu virus.	It is the saying of the researchers of Machigan State university that the low eater mouses had the low defending power against infection and their death chances decreased although the more eaters mouses had the high power against flue virus.	According to the Researchers of the State of Michigan University diet taking rats have less strength to fight with the infection and also their chances of death increased whereas earlier those rats on common diet had more strength to fight with the flu virus.
According to Professor Elizabeth Gardner, people who do dieting will not be effected with flue sooner but also they will take more time to recover from it.	In many modern countries it has for sometime being fashionable to think that, by free education for all-whether rich or poor, clever or stupid- one can solve all the problems of the society.	Professor Elizabeth Gardner said that those who are dieting are not only sooner affected by the flu, but also take longer to recover.	According to the Professor Elizabeth Cardener The people on dieting will be more infectious to the flu virus and will also take long time to recover from this disease.
she also said that those people who have taken the flue vaccine should also avoid dieting during few months of winter.	But we can already see that free education for all is not enough; we find in such countries a far larger number of people with University degrees than there are jobs for them to fill.	She also said that those who have taken flu vaccines should also avoid dieting for a few months during the winter.	HE also says that those people who have taken Flu vaccinations also should quit dieting during few months of summer to keep this virus away.
'first nuclear experiment was done in 1990'	This plan of education was implemented on 1990.	First nuclear test was done in 1990	The first nuclear test was in 1990.
Thomas Reid who has worked in the Lever national laboratory of America as a Weapon designer, has written this book with the help of the Ex director of technical intelligence at Las Elmos national laboratory, Dani Stillman.	Because of their degrees, they refuse to do what they think low work and in fact work with the hands is thought to be dirty and shameful in such countries.	Thomas Reid, who worked in the Leur National Laboratory as a weapon designer had written this book with the help of Los Alamos National Laboratory's former Technical Intelligence Director, Danny Staleman.	Thomas red who was a former director of the Cooperation in the National Laboratory technical committees in Los Angeles, United States has written this book.
this book was titled, 'Nuclear Express: political history of bomb and its proliferation' and both writers have claimed that which ever country first made a nuclear bomb either stole the nuclear secrets of another country or they had the support of another nuclear power.	The work of a completely uneducated farmer is far more important than that of a professor: we can live without education, but we die if we have no food. If no one cleaned our streets and took the rubbish away from our houses, we should get terrible diseases in our towns.	In this book, called 'Nuclear Express', the political history of the bomb and its spread, both the authors claim that whichever country made an atom bomb either stole the nuclear secrets from another country or they got help from a nuclear power.	The book with the title 'nuclear express the political history: bomb and the proliferation' was written by two writers says that the country has also tested the atom bomb and has nuclear secrets.
in an interview with US news, Thomas Reid said that in 1990 during Benazir Bhutto's rule, China experimented Pakistan's first nuclear bomb.	In fact, when we say that all of us must be educated to fit us for life, it means that we must be educated in such a way that, firstly, each of us can do whatever job is suited.	Thomas Reid said in an interview with US News, that China tested Pakistan's first atom bomb in 1990, during the term of the Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto.	Thomas red has said in an interview to the USAID news in 1970 that when Benazir Bhutto was the leader in Pakistan in 90's, China had tested its first nuclear bomb experiment.
Thomas Reid said that based to many reasons, he has a belief that China had experimented Pakistan's first nuclear bomb.	Education is not an end but a means to an end. In other words we do not educate children only for the purpose of educating them.	Thomas Reid said that due to many factors, he is certain that China tested Pakistan's first nuclear bomb.	Thomas red said that there are many reasons to believe China has tested its first nuclear bomb.
the reasons include the design of the bomb and some information retrieved during talks with the Chinese scientists.	When men become organized in to very large groups and civilization and develops.	Among the factors are the design of the bomb, and information he gathered from Chinese scientists.	There are informations that China has scientists who had designed the bomb.
he further added that this was the reason that in 1998 only in a span of two weeks and three days, Pakistan was able to carry out nuclear experiments as a reply to Indian nuclear experiments.	It is possible to get freedom from hunger, thirsty, cold, heat and many diseases, so that each person can live a happier life than he could.	He further added that that was the reason that Pakistan was able to reply to India's Nuclear test with a nuclear test in just 2 weeks and 3 days.	He further said that this was the reason why India and Pakistan tested the nuclear bomb in 1990 within just two weeks.
Thomas Reid reminded that in 1961 Russia suddenly carried out a nuclear experiment and besides possessing the bomb for a long time, it took 17 days for America to carry out nuclear experiment.	It means that we must be educated in such a way that, firstly, each of us can do whatever job is suited to his brain and ability, and secondly, that we can realize that all jobs are necessary to society and that is very bad to be ashamed of ones work or to scorn someone else'.	Thomas Reid reminded that in 1961, Russia suddenly performed a nuclear test, in response to which America took 17 days to preform a test, despite having this bomb for a long time.	Thomas Red has reminded that in 1970 Russia did a nuclear test in response to the United States within 17 days though United States took long time for the test.
He further said that the test of the Atom Bomb which Pakistan conducted on May 28, 1998, was made with extreme care and Pakistani scientists had complete confidence in it.	He further said that in May 1998, the atom bomb that Pakistan tested was made with a lot of care and Pakistani scientists were completely trusted for it.	He added that the atom bomb that was tested on May 19th 1998 by Pakistan was made very carefully and that Pakistani scientists had complete reliance on it.	He further said that in May 1998, Pakistan has mentioned about the atom bomb experiment in the Pakistani scientists confidence.
When Thomas Reeds was questioned that China provided nuclear technology to Pakistan then he said in reply that because India was a common enemy for Pakistan and China.	When Thomas Reed was asked this question that China supplied atomic technology to Pakistan so he said in his answer that India is a mutual enemy of Pakistan and China.	When Thomas Reid was asked whether China provided nuclear technology to Pakistan, he said because India was the common enemy of both China and Pakistan.	When Thomas red was questioned about the nuclear technology that China has provided to Pakistan, he said in response that they have the common enemy India.
He said that there is a proof to this too that Doctor Abdul Qadeer Khan used Chinese design and after this the documents which were acquired from Libia also confirms this statement.	He said that its evidence is also present that Dr. Abdul Qadir Khan has used the Chinese model. Later the documents received from Libya also confirm this.	He said that there was proof available that Dr. Abdul Qadeer Khan used the Chinese design, and later on the documents which were received from Libya also verify this fact.	He said that the proof is with the Chinese designer Dr. Khan after which the documents from Libya in this connection have been confirmed.
On a one more question that doing combined nuclear tests is common then he said that in 1990 America conducted a nuclear test for Britain on open belt in Nevada desert.	Another question that is it common to do nuclear experiments mutually. Then he said that Anees Sonway openly performed a nuclear experiment in the desert of Nevada for Britain.	Upon another question, as to whether joint nuclear testing was common, he said that America had openly performed nuclear tests for England in the deserts of Nevada in 1990.	The question of the nuclear tests are by the United States and the British in the deserts.
He said that we guess that too that Israel was given access to the results of this test.	He said that we also predict that Israel also has access to the results of this experiment.	He said that we also believe that Israel also has access to the results of this testing.	He said that Israel has also experienced the results.
Thomas Reed was also questioned that Is the Chinese Nuclear spread program is continuing?	Thomas Reeds was also asked if China is continuing nuclear proliferation?	Thomas Reid was also asked about China's nuclear distribution program which is going on.	To Thomas red the question about China's nuclear program is the proliferation.
On this Thomas Reed said that china has been supplying raw material, instructions and design to nuclear facility in Iran's city Isfahan since 1990.	On this Thomas Reeds said that China has been supplying raw material, instructions and the design to a nuclear facility of Iran in its city Asfahan.	Upon that Thomas Reid said that China has been providing raw material, guidance and design for the nuclear setup in Asfahan, Iran since 1991.	Thomas red said that from 1970 to 1991 the Iranian city of China has set up the nuclear installation for the raw material and to provide instructions.
Other than that china also provided Iran a nuclear enrichment plant.	Apart from this, China has also provided Iran with an enrichment plant in Kheeraj.	Apart from this, China provided Iran with the nuclear enrichment plant in Kheraj.	In addition to this, China has also provided an Uranium plant to Iran.
He said that China has been providing nuclear technology to Iran, Syria, Pakistan, Egypt, Libia and Yemen thorough North Korea.	He said that China had been providing nuclear technology to Iran, Rome, Pakistan, Egypt, Libya and Yemen via North Korea.	He said that China has been providing Iran, Syria, Pakistan, Egypt and Libya with nuclear technology through North Korea.	He said that there are relations between China, North Korea, Iran, Syria, Egypt, Libya, Pakistan and Yemen providing nuclear technology.
Year 2008 Best for Madonna	Year 2008 the most successful for Madonna.	The year 2008 was excellent for the media.	2008 The best year for Madonna
This show was made based on Madonna's album 'Hard Candy', and a few songs with Ukraine's  gypsy band and Justin Timberlin are included in it.	This show was organized around Madonna's album 'Hard Candy' and it also included Ukrainian gypsy band and Justin Timberlake's one or two songs.	The business man travels throughout his normal day when he discovers a flaw in his work, and fixes it and goes about his day	This show was arranged on the basis of Madonna's 'album Hard Candy' and it also included few songs with Gypsy or Nomadic band of Ukraine and Justin Timberland.
An old racing car was also kept on the stage.	An old racing car was also showed on the stage.	the male student walks along the long road	An old racing car was also placed on the stage in the show.
It was Celine Davon's second most successful show of 2008, profit-wise, in which 236.6 million Dollars were made.	Celine Dion's show in year 2008 was the second best show from revenue point of view in which two thirty six million dollar's were made.	the puppy and the children play non-stop until the mother calls them all in to play.	The second successful show of the year 2008 by profit was Celine Dion who earned 236,600,000 dollars.
Canadian show 'Taking Chances' toured 24 countries whereas Madonna only toured 17, which was her first world tour in the last eight years.	Canadian show 'Taking Chances' visited twenty four countries where as Madonna visited only seventeen countries which was her first tour in last eight years.	The business man travels throughout his normal day when he discovers a flaw in his work, and fixes it and goes about his day	Canadian show 'Taking Chances' toured 24 countries whereas Madonna went to 17 countries which is her first tour in previous 8 years.
Jamie King was the director of both shows, and he was also the one who had organized the 'Spice Girls reunion' tour.	The director of shows of both singers was Jimmy King, who also organized the tour 'Reunion' or 'Spice Girls'.	the puppy and the children play non-stop until the mother calls them all in to play.	The director for both singers was Jimmy King, who also organized the 'Reunion' tour of 'Spice Girls'.
Madonna broke her own record of 2006.	Madonna has broken her own record in 2006	the male student walks along the long road	Madonna has broken her own record of the year 2006.
In the year 2006, she had earned 193.7 million Dollars in her 'Confession Concerts'.	In 2006 in 'confession concerts' she made one ninety three million dollars.	The business man travels throughout his normal day when he discovers a flaw in his work, and fixes it and goes about his day	In 2006 she earned 193,700,000 dollars through 'Confession Concerts'.
Pollstar said that the third most successful singer, was Bon Joy, who made 170 Million Dollars.	Polestar has declared Bon Jovi third most successful singer who had made one hundred and seventy million dollars.	the male student walks along the long road	Pollster has awarded Bon Jovi as the third  most successful singer who earned 176,000,000 dollars.
Bruce Springstein made 166 million Dollars, coming at fourth, and Police was at number five, having made 120.6 million Dollars.	Bruce Springsteen has made one hundred and sixty million dollars and he stands fourth, and Police stood fifth by making one hundred and twenty six million dollars.	the puppy and the children play non-stop until the mother calls them all in to play.	Bruce Springsteen was on number 3 by earning 166,000,000 dollars and Police get the 5th position by earning 120,600,000 dollars.
According to this magazine, in the year 2008, very few people in North America attended concerts and song programs. Only those people attended these programs, who were prepared to buy tickets at costly rates.	According to this magazine in year 2008 very few people in North America had attended concerts and musical events and only those people participated who were willing to buy expensive tickets.	The business man travels throughout his normal day when he discovers a flaw in his work, and fixes it and goes about his day	According to this periodical in 2008 very few people participated in singing programs and concerts in North America and only those people attended the programs who were ready to buy expensive tickets.
In America one average ticket's cost has rose for eight percent and on Madonna's show the most expensive ticket was sold for three hundred and fifty dollars.	A ticket price increased 8% average and the most costly ticket of Medona show was sold in 350 dolors.	In America, there was an average increase of eight percent in the price of one ticket. In Madonna's show, the most expensive ticket sold was of 350 Dollars.	In America a ticket is increased by an average of 8 percent by cost yearly, Most expensive ticket was sold of 300 dollars at Madonna's show.
The Director of the Pollster newspaper Gerry Bonguiny said that on the basis of the world economic share trades the year 2008 has appeared good for the brokers.	The director of Polester newspaper Gairi Bongiongi said that in the view of world low ecnomic 2008 proved better for singers.	The editor of Pollstar magazine, Gary Bongiovanni, said that given the economic environment, the year 2008 was a good year for musicians.	The editor of Pollster Gary Bongioni said in prospect of  international financial crisis year 2008 proved to be good.
They have celebrated for U2 and Springsteen in the year 2009 for their album being a hit.	They will spend 2009 better it is imagined.	He predicted that the year 2009 would be a good year for Springsteen and U2, whose albums were to be released this year.	He predicted 2009 a good year for U2 and Springsteen whose albums are about to release.
Restriction on Co-education : Taaliban	stops on co-education:Taliban	Ban on Joint Education: Taliban	Ban on coeducation: Taliban
Northern Wazeerastan's leader Meeran Shah and in another group posting the Taaliban had distributed pamphlets threatening the sub government and educational institutes where boys and girls are given co-education.	Basic Talibans of Hafiz Gul Bahadur group has distributed a circular in main place of North Wazeerastan Meeran Shah and other tehsels that contains threaten to govt. and non govt. those institutions which have co-education.	The local Taliban of the Hafiz Gul Bahadur faction, in the chief province, Miran Shah and other provinces of North Waziristan have distributed a pamphlet in which the government and semi-government institutes in which boys and girl are given joint education were warned.	Local Talibans of Gul Bahadur group have distributed a pamphlet in Miran Shah (Capital of Southern Waziristan) and in other Tehsils in which government and semi government coeducational institutes have been threatened.
In the pamphlet it said that if the co-education institutes were not closed by fifth of January then there will be steps taken against them.	It was mentioned in that circular that if the co-education institutes will not closed then the action will be taken upon them.	In the pamphlet, it was stated that if the joint educational institutes were not closed by the 5th of January, action will be taken against them.	Pamphlet included that if coeducation institutes are not closed till 5th of January, action will be taken against them.
In the pamphlet it said that the ladies identity cards will be restricted from the procedures of any government and educational departments and the ladies will be prohibited from going to any infrequent offices.	It was mentioned in that circular that there will be restriction on govt. help and making identity card for other education affairs and women will stopped to go to Nadra offices.	It was stated in the pamphlet that making identification cards for women, either for government aid or for other educational reasons would be forbidden, and that women would be disallowed from going to identification offices in all provinces.	Pamphlet said that women are banned to have ID Cards for government aid and for educational purposes and women are prohibited to go to NADRA's Offices in all Tehsils.
The territorial Taaliban had demanded the restriction of the ladies identity cards at the moment when many ladies had applied for the applications for the support of Benazeerankum program in the infrequent offices of Northern Wazeerastan.	The announcement of the stop on women identity card was under taken ny basic Taliban in the time when in North Wazeerastan 200 women submitted their forms for Nadra identity cards for Bay Nazir support program.	The local Taliban's announcement of the forbidding of women from making identification cards was made at a time when about 200 women had submitted their forms in North Waziristan for identification cards in the identification offices for the sake of the Benazir Income Support Program.	The announcement on the ban of women ID Card has been made at the time when almost 200 women have submitted forms in NADRA Offices in Southern Waziristan for Benazir Income Support Program.
According to the territory's people the pamphlets from the Taaliban had been read in the announcements in all the mosques of the Northern Wazeerastan.	According to the public that circular was made to listen in all mosques of North Wazeerastan.	According to the locals, the pamphlets issued by the local Taliban was read out loud on the loudspeakers of all the mosques in North Waziristan.	According to local people the pamphlet issued by Taliban was announced on the loudspeakers of all the Masjids.
Therefore it wasn't mentioned in the letter that whether there is any restriction for the girls to study in separate educational institutes or not.	How ever it was mentioned in letter that if the stop on non co-education or not.	However, the letter did not state whether there would be a ban on separate girls educational institutions or not.	However it was not mentioned in the letter that separate educational institute for woman are banned or not.
According to the pamphlet, after the announcement, if any woman is caught going to a school or an identity office to receive education or to make her identity card, she and her family members will be given punishments according to their law.	According to the pamphlet, after this announcement, if woman gets caught when out to get education or get her ID made, she and her family will be given a legitimate punishment.	According to this pamphlet if any women goes to school or any government office to get education or make the Identity car then there would be strict punishment for her and her family when she is caught.	According to Pamphlet after this announcement any woman caught in the school for getting education or in NADRA's Office for having ID Card will be punished religiously along with her family.
Apart from this, the police claim that in Banoo district, on Banoo Meeran Shah road, a gun powder tunnel blasted causing the death of one passenger and injuring another.	Besides this, in the area of Bannu, the police says that a tunnel of gunpowder was blasted on Sunday on Bannu Mir Insha Road, from which one pedestrian died and one was injured.	Apart from this the Police has also reported that on Sunday, in the District of Banu, Meeran Shah Road there was a nuclear Blast at the tunnel.As a result of which a road passer was killed and one man is injured.	Moreover Police of District Bannu says on Sunday a landmine exploded on Miram Shah Bannu Road in result of that a traveler died and one is injured.
The injured was admitted to Banoo civil hospital.	Injured was admitted in Bannu civil hospital.	The injured was admitted to the Banu Soul Hospital.	Injured has been admitted in Civil Hospital.
More bodies of target killing received.	Target Killing: More dead bodies found.	Target Cling- "More dead bodies are discovered".	More bodies were recovered from the target killings.
According to the police, in the central area of Mengoora, at Green circle, and Sehrab Khan circle, two bodies were found whose bodies were separated from their heads.	According to the police, on the morning of Sunday, two dead bodies were found from the areas of the main Mangora, Green square and Sohrab khan square, in which their heads were separated from their bodies.	According to the police two dead bodies were discovered on Sunday, from the areas of Green Chowk and Saharab Khan Chowk (Mingora).The heads of these bodies were separated from their necks of the bodies.	According to the police, it was on Sunday morning at the Green Chowk Mingora areas Sohrab Khan Chowk that two bodies were moved to the head off.
It is being said that the dead belonged to the frontier core and the police.	The deceased were told to be related to Frontier core and the police.	The information about the killed are being said through the Front-air core and police.	The Police said that they were killed in the Frontier Corps.
Eye witnesses say that a letter was also found near the bodies, in which it was warned that whoever lifted these bodies before 11:00 in the day, he will be responsible for his own death.	An eye witness said that a letter was also found near the dead bodies in which there was a threat that who ever picks up these dead bodies before 11 in the morning, he is responsible for his own death.	The investigation team has reported that a letter was found near the killed bodies warning that whoever attend or shift these killed bodies before the morning 11. am will be responsible for his destruction.	The dead bodies were found at 11 pm and witnesses say that a letter was there near the dead bodies which said that they themselves are responsible for their deaths.
Local people are saying that the two bodies were left in the marketplace till 11:00after which security officers carried both bodies to the hospital.	Locals say that the dead bodies were lying the market until 11am but later the security officials picked both the dead bodies and transferred them to the hospital.	The local people of that area has said that no dead body was touched till the 11. am in the morning. Later we security guards lifted these bodies and shifted to the hospital.	Local people say that at around 11 pm dead bodies were lying in the market. But however the security personnels have shifted the two bodies.
In the central area of Mengorah as well as other nearby places, a dangerous increase in the number of target killing over the last few weeks has been seen	There has been a dangerous rise in the target killing during the last few weeks in the main city Mangora and the surrounding areas.	The head place Mingora and the nearby places of this area has been experiencing lot of new dangerous incidents during the Target Cling, from the past few weeks. There is increase in these incidents.	Incidents of target killings have increased to a dangerous extent in the location of Mingora and the near areas during the last few weeks.
in which civilians, including women as well as security officers were killed.	In which local citizens including women and security officials are being killed	It has been showed that among the killed there include the local area people, women and security guards.	In which it is mostly common citizens including women and security personnels were killed.
According to the local sources, more than 30 people have been killed in these kind of events.	According to local sources, until now, more than thirty people were killed in such incidents.	according to local sources, more than thirty people have been killed to date in these kind of incidents.	According to the local sources, such incidents involve more than 30 people in the operation.
None of the groups have taken responsibility of these killings until now.	No organisation has accepted responsibility for these deaths yet.	so far no organization has taken responsibility of these killings.	So far no organization has owned the responsibility for the killings.
Local spokesman of Taliban, Muslim Khan, told BBC on Saturday that three dead bodies from those found on Friday were also their members in which, dead body of Taliban commander of Dulai, Rafullah was also included.	On Saturday, the spokesperson for the local Taliban in Swat, Muslim Khan told BBC that among the bodies found on Friday, three belonged to his companions, among which the body of Dewli's Taliban commander Rafi'ullah was also included.	the spokesman of the local Taliban in Swat Muslim Khan told on Saturday that the dead bodies found on Friday included those of his fellows and also included the dead body of the Taliban commander in Deolai, Rafiullah.	On Saturday the spokesman of Taliban told BBC in the local Taliban Swat Muslim Khan that three bodies of his colleagues were found on Friday which included that of the Taliban commander Rafi.
It was said by Muslim Khan that Rafiullah was surrounded by security forces for the last one and a half month.	Muslim Khan said that Rafi'ullah was in the custody of the security forces for the last one and a half months.	Muslim Khan said that Rafiullah was under custody of the security forces for the past one and half month.	Muslim Khan said that Rafi was under the custody of the security forces for the last one and a half months.
They had said that when local Taliban kills some one, they first issue him a notice. On other side, activities in Mengora were of severe concern for the locals.	He said that when the local Taliban kills anyone, first they send a notice to him, and on the other side a lot of confusion about such incidents occurring in Mengorah, is seen among the civilians.	he had said that the local taliban send notice before killing any one. On the other hand common citizens are worried about these incidents in Mengora.	He said that when the local Taliban killed they first issued a notice on the other hand. This has put the common citizens  in the Mingora area to anxiety.
Locals say that there is a huge army of the security forces is placed in Mengora. But even after that there is an increase in the attacks on the locals.	It is the statement of the local people, that heavy posting of security forces is found in Mengorah, but still, there is an increase on attacks on the civilians.	according to the local people, a large number of security forces are deployed in Mengora but despite of this the attacks on the citizens are ever increasing.	The local people in Mingora said that a large contingent of security forces are deployed to control the attacks. But in spite of this, attack of citizens have increased.
Tribute to Benazir by Bakhtawar in a song.	Benazir honored in a song by Bukhtawar	Musical tribute to Benazir from Bakhtawar.	A musical tribute to Benazir by Bakhtawar
A rap song(a type of modern music)recorded in the voice of Bakhtawar has been posted on you tube also.	A rap song (a type of new music), sung in the voice of Bukhtawar is now posted on YouTube.	A rap song (a modern style of music) in Bakhtawar's voice has been posted on youtube as well.	A rap song (a modern music genre) recorded in Bakhtawar's voice is now posted on YouTube.
In this video of 5 minutes, pictures and video clips of Benazir have been shown.	In this 5 minute song, photos and video clips of Benazir are shown.	This 5 minutes long song contains pictures and video clips of Benazir.	The song is of five minutes duration and portrays Benazir's life through pictures and clips.
18 years old Bakhtawar is a student of Edinburgh University.	18 year old Bukhtawar is a student of Edinburgh University.	Eighteen years old Bakhtawar is a student at the Edinburgh University.	The eighteen years old singer is a student of Edinburgh University.
She has a deep affection for poetry and singing.	He has a great Affection towards Peotry and singing.	she has great interest in poetry and singing.	She has a deep interest in singing and poetry.
It is said that apparently she started singing pleasure rhymes upon the encouragement from his mother.	said that, after the motivation from mother, he started singing peoms as a hobby	it is said that apparently after the appreciation from her mother she had started singing songs as a hobby.	It is believed that she started singing after being encouraged by her mother and that too only as a hobby.
Praising her mother, she said that 'She was intelligent and beautiful, she used to do everything in a certain way'.	He complemented her mother by words, he said you was Beautiful and intelligent, and your work was there in a good way	while paying a tribute to her mother she has said that she was an intelligent and beautiful lady, she did every thing with style.	She paid tribute to her mother and said that she was both intelligent and beautiful and that she did everything in her own way.
Regarding the December 27th incident, she said that she was hit near the cheek by a bullet. She left us at the age of 54, leaving behind three children.	He said you was shot dead on 27th december at your fore head, at the age of 54, she left 3 children alone.	regarding the 27th December incident she said that she the bullet was fired at her temple, she left us at the age of 54 and left three children amongst residuals.	Talking about the incident of 27th December she told that her mother was shot on the temple. She died at an age of 54 and left behind 3 children.
The whole nation is desperate without her. She is present in all their hearts.	the people are alone with out, and you are in the heart beat of every one	the whole nation is hopeless without her and she is still in everyone's heart.	The whole nation is seeking its direction without her and she is present in everyone's heart.
Bukhtawar is second among Benazir Bhutto's children, to Bilawal Bhutto.	Baqthawar Benazir Bhutto has the same position of benazir after 20 years, he was the 2nd Bhutto	Bakhtawar is the second amongst Benazir's children after 20 years old Bilawal.	Miss Bakhtawar is the second child of Benazir Bhutto behind her 20 years old brother, Bilawal Bhutto.
She was always interested in music.	she was interested in music from the childhood	she has been taking interest in music from early days.	She has been taking a keen interest in music from the start.
It is being said that before returning to her mother's country, she had asked her journalist friend, in America, to introduce her to Grammy award winning producer and rapper, Puff Diddy, but this meeting could not take place.	said that, before his mother's return to home town, he was interested to meet the Grami Awarded Music Director Repref DD in America, but unabe to meet him.	it is said that before her mothers return to the country with reference to a journalist friend she has expressed a will to meet the Grammy award winner music director and rapper Puff DD. but this meeting could not take place.	Its believed that before her mother's return to Pakistan, she tried to have a meeting arranged with the Grammy Award winner music producer and rapper Puff Daddy through a friend, who is a journalist but this meeting never took place.
The translation of some of Bukhtawar's poetry has been published in some Sindhi newspapers, but her voice is being heard for the first time in a YouTube video.	The Sindi Newspaper has published translation of his poem, but his voice was heard with the help of Youtube for the first time	translation of Bakhtawar's poetry was published by some Sindhi news papers as well but her voice is being heard for the first time through You Tube.	Miss Bakhtawar's poetry has been translated and published in some Sindhi Newspapers, but this is the first time that her voice is being heard through YouTube.
Some of Benazir Bhutto's party workers and admirers have started making CD's of Bukhtawar's rap song.	The people around Benazir bhutto has realized the CD of his songs.	some workers and followers of Benazir Bhutto have started preparing CDs of Bakhtawar's rap song.	The workers and followers of Benazir Bhutto have started recording CDs of her song.
on the other hand, the spokesman of Pakistan Peoples Party, Farhatullah Babar has confirmed that the poetry and voice in the song on Youtube is of Bakhtawar.	Farhatullah Babar, The spoke person of PPP verified that song present on YouTube is sung and written by Bakhtawar .	On the other hand, Pakistan Peoples Party spokesperson, Farhatullah Babar confirmed that the song and voice present on YouTube is that of Bukhtawar.	Mr. Farhatullah Babar, spokesman of Pakistan Peoples Party has confirmed that both the songâ€™s poetry and vocals on YouTube are performed by Bakhtawar.
he told over the phone from Islamabad that its a tribute by a saddened daughter to her brave mother, and it is also being telecast by the government TV network as well.	He stated on phone from Islamabad. He told it was a tribute of a mourning daughter to her great mom. His statement is issued on national TV network.	He said on phone from Islamabad that this was the salutation of a brave mother by a sad daughter, which even started to play on Pakistan's government TV network.	He was speaking on phone from Islamabad and said that it is a tribute of a grieve stricken daughter to her courageous mother  and has been aired by Pakistan Television, the national television network of Pakistan.
Farhatullah Babar has said that his party has not decided yet to distribute the CD's of the song by Bakhtawar.	Farhatullah Babar said that at the moment no plan was made by his Party to distribute the CD's of Bakhtawar's song.	Farhatullah Babar said that the party had no present plan to distribute CD's of her song.	He further stated that the Peoples Party has not made any plans to distribute the music CDs by Miss Bakhtawar as yet.
He said that few years back a fake account of his young Chairman Bilawal Bhutto Zardari was made on Facebook which was closed later on.	He told that a fake account of Balawal bhutto zardari, young chairman of his party, was made which has been terminated later.	He said that a few months ago, a fake page belonging to their party's young chairman, Bilawal Bhutto Zardari was created on Facebook which was later removed.	He said that a few months back a fake account of the young Bilawal Bhutto Zardari, the chairman of Pakistan Peoples Party, was made on the website of FaceBook which was later closed down.
Ajmal Qasab is a Pakistani : Information Minister	Ajmal Kasab is Pakistani, Information Minister.	Ajmal Qasab is a Pakistani: Minister for Media	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 95
Federal Minister for Information and broadcasting Sherry Rehman while confirming, through and SMS sent to BBC, the citizenship of Ajmal Qasab just added that further investigation is being carried out.	Federal Minister for Information has verified via an SMS to BBC that Amjal Kasab is a Pakistani citizen and further investigations are in process.	The joint minister of media and publishing, Sherry Rehman told BBC Urdu in an SMS message that he sent, confirming Ajmal Qasab's citizenship as a Pakistani, only that more investigations were going on.	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 96
before this the Advisor to Prime Minister for Interior Rehman Malik had denied his Pakistani citizenship.	Earlier, Rehman Malik,  adviser to PM was denying the pakistani citizenship of Kasab.	Before this, the internal advisor to the Prime Minister, Rahman Malik had denied his Pakistani citizenship.	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 97
he had said that no record for Ajmal was found by the citizen record keeping institute, NADRA.	He said that NADRA's database does not contain any record of Ajmal.	It was his saying that the record keeping offices do not have any record of him.	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 98
there is no information on this latest statement that on what basis the Government has changed its stance on Ajmal Qasab's citizenship.	It has not been established  why Government of Pakistan has changed its stance over the citizenship of Ajmal Kasab.	Regarding this new standpoint, it could not be cleared as to on what basis the Pakistani government changes their stand.	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 99
However, according to the foreign office spokesman, Ajmal Qasab's citizenship has been confirmed by the interior ministry.	however, according to foreign office the citizenship of Ajmal Kasab has been verified by interior ministry.	However, according to the Foreign Ministry, the confirmation of Ajmal Qasab's citizenship was done by the Home Ministry.	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 100
Prior to this the BBC Urdu service and some other newspapers and few TV channels related Ajmal Qasab to be a resident of Punjab province's small city Okara Fareed Kout.	earlier BBC Urdu service and some other newspapers and TV channels have told that Ajmal Qassab belongs to Farid Kot town of the Okara District in Province Punjab.	before that BBC Urdu service and some other news papers and TV channels shows Ajamal Qasab belongs to Okara's district Faridcoat village of province Punjab.	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 101
But government has continuously denied this.	however the government had been denying it.	all government kept deny of that.	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 102
At the moment it is not clear that Ajmal Qasab really belongs to Fareed Kout or some other area.	it has not yet been established that this Ajmal Qassab does belong to Farid Kot or some other place.	still it is not clear that either Ajmal Qasaab belongs to Faridcort or some other area.	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 103
Rocket firing from Lebanon, retaliatory bombardment.	Rockets fired from Lebanon, bombing in answer	Rockets fired from Lebanon, give fire back bombarding.	Rocket Fire from Lebanon too, and bombing in response.
Israeli army and police officials told that four rockets were fired from Lebanon territory into Israel of which one landed in northern Israeli town Nahrya which caused minor injuries to two civilians.	the Israeli Army and Police official have told media correspondents that 4 rockets were fired on the Israeli territory from Lebanon out of which one fell in the Neharia town of northern Israel which injured two people slightly.	Israels solders and police personals told to news agencies representative that there were four rockets fired from Lebanon to Israel in which one laid on North district of Nahriya due to that two person received very minor injuries.	Israeli Army and Police officials have informed the press that four rockets were launched from Lebanon on to Israeli land, one of which hit the Northern part of Israel in Naharia, which injured two people.
In response to rockets fired from Lebanon territory, Israeli artillery fired rounds in to Lebanon.	in answer to the rockets fired from the Lebanese territory, the Israeli artillery has bombed Lebanon.	in reply of Lebanon rockets attack Israeli tanks bombarded on Lebanon.	In response to the rockets launched from Lebanon, Israeli tanks bombed Lebanon.
This is not clear if these rockets were fired from Hisbualah or the Palestinian groups active in Lebanon.	its is not clear that this attack was carried out by Hizbullah or the Palestinian groups active in Lebanon are behind it.	this is not clear that this attack made by Hezbollah or either behind that there is a hand of Palestinian activists group in Lebanon.	It's not certain that this attack was Hezbollah related or if aggravated Palestinian terrorists are behind this.
Lebanese government said it is investigating who is behind the firing of these rockets.	Lebanese government says that it is also trying to figure out who is behind these rocket attacks.	Lebanon government said that they are also trying to know that who is behind that rockets attack.	The Lebanese government has said that they are also trying to investigate who is behind these rocket attacks.
BBC correspondent views this event as a very dangerous happening to the peace process.	BBC correspondents have declared that this as a very dangerous turn in the reigning situation in the region.	BBC analyst considered that this is very dangerous turn of intense situation in this region at the present time.	The reporters of BBC have declared this an entirely volatile and dangerous situation.
BBC's adviser for Middle Ease Jeremy Boyen is of the view that due to firing of these rockets the risk of a war is evident.	BBC's editor for Middle East Geremy Bowin has said that due to these rocket attacks is the danger of the war spreading out has increased.	BBC correspondent for middle east Jeremy Boin according to him this rocket attack give more danger to separate war.	According to the Head of the Middle East sector of BBC, Jeremy Button, these rocket attacks have increased the chances of spreading the war.
Over the past few days, it was been feared that the military operation in Gaza may extend further north, along the Lebanon- Israel border	In the last few days, it was being feared that the action going on in Gaza might spread to the Israeli border with Lebanon in the north.	A threat is being expressed for the last few days that what if the current proceedings in Gaza spread to the borders of Israel along with Lebanon in the North.	In the past few days, it is feared that the Investigation in Gaza might reach to the Northern part of Lebanon and to the Israeli border.
and there on Wednesday night, the Israeli Air Force conducted sixty air raids on Gaza Strip.	Here, in the night between Wednesday and Thursday, the Israeli army made 60 air attacks on the Gaza strip.	Here, on night between Wednesday and Thursday, Israel's air force did  7 aerial attacks on the Gaza strip.	Israeli forces have executed around 60 aerial attacks on the Gaza strip between Wednesday and Thursday night.
According to Israeli Army, these attacks targeted Hamas's Police Force's offices, underground tunnels, weapons' caches, rocket launching sites and Hamas's armed personnel.	According to Israeli army, in these attacks, the police stations of Hamas, their tunnels, weapon stocks, rocket launching pads, and armed workers were targeted.	According to the Israel army, police stations of Hammas, tunnels, stock of weapons, rocket firing points and weapon workers of Hammas were made targets during these attacks.	According to the Israeli army, the Hamas Police offices, tunnels, weapon stores, rocket launching areas and armed individuals were targeted in these attacks.
Apart from air raids, Israel Army's and Navy's artillery continued shelling Gaza during the night.	Apart from the air attacks, the Israeli army and the naval launching pad also bombarded Gaza all night.	Besides the aerial attacks, Israel army and marine artillery men continued bombing on Gaza through out the night.	Aside from Aerial attacks, Gaza was also bombed all night from the Israeli and Bahria tank bases.
The Palestinian Authorities said that a mosque was destroyed during the air raids on the Gaza city.	Palestinian sources say that the air attacks have destroyed a mosque in Gaza city.	According to the Palestine sources, a mosque was destroyed in one of the aerial attacks in the city of Gaza.	Palestinian sources say that a mosque was destroyed in these aerial attacks on Gaza.
According to unconfirmed reports tanks from Israeli Army, aided by the helicopters from the air, have advanced towards the area of Khan Younus.	According to unconfirmed reports, the Israeli army tanks with air support from helicopters moved towards the region of Khan Younus.	According to unauthentic sources, tanks of Israel army, which were supported by helicopters, moved towards the area of Khan Yunus.	According to some unverified sources, Israeli tanks are closing in on the area of Khan Younis with aerial help from helicopters.
During this conflict of now twelve days, around seven hundred of Palestinians, which include a large number of women and children, have died.	In this war that has been going on for the last 12 days, about 700 people among which a large number of women and children are included, have been killed.	In the fight going on for the last 12 days,almost 700 Palestinians have died including women and children in a large number.	In the last twelve days, around 700 Palestinians have been killed, a majority of which have been women and children.
Whereas on the other side twelve soldiers from the Israeli Army have also been killed.	On the other side, 11 Israeli soldiers have been killed	Although on the other hand 11 men of the Israel army were also killed.	On the other hand, 11 Israeli soldiers have also lost their lives.
Israeli Security Forces have confirmed that a high ranking defense official, Amos Gillad is going to Cairo to settle the terms for seize-fire.	Israeli security forces have confirmed that a high defense agent, Amous Gilad is going to Cairo to decide the conditions for ceasefire.	Security forces of Israel has confirmed that high defense official Amoos Gilad is going to Qahir to discuss the conditions of the cease fire.	Israeli Security Forces have confirmed that a high ranked officer, Amos Gailad, has left for Cairo to discuss conditions of a ceasefire.
A delegation from Hamas is also going to Cairo to conduct parallel talks with the Egyptian diplomats.	A delegation from Hamas is also going to Cairo to hold simultaneous dialog with the Egyptian diplomats.	One delegation of Hammas is also about to leave for Qahir to talk to the ambassadors of Egypt.	A member of Hamas is also leaving to Cairo to have talks with the Egyptian Ambassador.
Apart from this, the leader of the Palestinian Authority, Mehmood Abbas, is also reaching Cairo on Friday.	beside that, leader of plasteni authority Mahmud Abbas is reaching Cairo on friday.	With this, the director of Falastin authority abbas Mahmood is also reaching Qahira at Friday.	Also, a member of the Palestinian authority, Mahmood Abbas, will be reaching Cairo on Friday.
My heart is broken, return my kidney.	my heart is broken , return my kidney	My heart has been broken, return my kidney.	My heart is broken, give me back my kidney.
Dr. Richard Batista says that eight years ago, he had gifted his wife Dawnell his kidney, to save her life.	Dr. Richard batistant told that he denoted his kidney 24 years ago to his wife, daniel to save her life.	Doctor Richard Batista told that he donated his kidney to her wife in order to save his life before 8 years ago.	Dr. Richard Batista has said that eight years ago, he gifted his wife Danelle with his kidney to save her life.
According to AFP news agency, it is Dr. Batista's statement that his wife has repayed him for his gift by cheating him and having relations with another man, and now she wants divorce.	according to news authority AFP, Dr. batistan says that in favour of his kideny my wife has return me a deception by loving someone else and now asking for a divorce	According to the saying of news reporter institute A.F. the wife of Doctor Richard Batista gave the reward of that donation and deceived him and made belongings with another person and get divorce.	According to some press reports, Dr. Batista has said that his wife repaid him for his gift by betraying him, having relations with someone else, and petitioning for divorce.
Dr. Batista said, during an interview to a local newspaper, Daily News, that her love affair has put a hole in my heart that still exists.	in an interview with regional newspaper, Daily news Dr. batistan say that my wife's lover has drill a hole in heart which still exists	Doctor Richard Batista told in an interview to an national news Daily News that the lover of my wife made a hole in my heart and that is still in my heart.	In an interview with a local paper, Dr. Batista said that this situation has left him with a hole in his heart.
According to Dr. Richard Batista's lawyer, though Dr. Batista is demanding his kidney back, but he actually wants a monetary compensation for the kidney.	Accordint to lawyer of Dr. Richard Batistan, Dr. Rischard is asking for the return of kidney but actually he is asking for the Payment of his kidney.	According to the barrister of Doctor Richard Batista that the Doctor is saying the returning of his kidney but infect he wants to return the money of that kidney.	According to Dr. Richard Batista's lawyer, he is asking for his kidney back, but in reality is looking for monetary compensation for his kidney.
He will give his stand about his wife in front of a judge within the next few days.	according to his wife, she will deliver her opinion in few days in front of the judge	According to his wife saying he will show his saying in the front of a judge after some coming days.	According to his wife, they will be appearing before a judge in this matter, in the next few days.
140 year old, 9 kilo weighing lobster free	140 years ago, 9 kg Lobster was free	Nine k.g. labister freed.	140 year old, 9 kilo lobster Freed.
'George the Giant Lobster' was captured from the sea two weeks ago.	George the giant Lobster, was caught 2 weeks ago from the sea	Jarj The Joint Labister was caught from a sea before two weeks.	""George the Giant Lobster"" was caught in the sea two weeks earlier.
The Seafood company of the city had purchased it for a hundred Dollars.	the city's sea food company has bought this in 100 dollars	The company of sea food purchased it in 100 dolors.	A seafood company of the city had bought him for 100 dollars.
And instantly started using the lobster photos for his publicity.	It also immediately started to use the pictures of the lobster  for the sake of publicity.	and they started lobster pictures for their marketing	And immediately starting using the lobster as means of their advertisement.
Although, "PETA" a group working for animal rights demanded to release the lobster. As a result of which it will be released in the Sea.	However an animal preservation group, PETA, demanded that they release the lobster, because of which it was released back into the sea.	working for All Animal protection Organization PETA demanded to release Lobster which result in releasing the lobster in sea	But a group for animal rights, ""Pita"", demanded the lobster's release and now he has been released in the sea again.
George was caught in Canada from the sea after which he spent 10 days in the city crab and seafood company tank.	George was captured from the sea in Canada, after which it stayed in the tank of City Crab and Seafood Company for ten days.	George was caught in the sea near Canada from where he spent 10 days in City Crab and Sea food Company	George was caught in a sea in Canada, after which he spent ten days in the tank of ""City Crab and Seafood Company.""
The age of lobster can be told by its weight.	The age of the lobster can be estimated from its weight.	Lobster age can be calculated through his weight	The age of a lobster can usually be determined by its weight.
Restaurant's manager Keith Walanty says that their purpose was not to hurt the lobster at all. And to keep him in the tank was to provide entertainment to the customers.	The manager of the restaurant, Keith Valenti said that he did not want to harm the lobster, and he only kept him in the tank for the sake of pleasing his customers.	Restaurant Manager Keth Walnti says that his Intentions was not to harm but to place in the tank so that people can take interest.	According to the restaurant manager, Keith Wallanty, they did not mean any harm to the lobster, and put him in the tank only to arouse curiosity amongst their customers.
Engrid Newkurk from the animal rights group PETA says that restaurant's decision is worth praise and an example for those who want to keep these precious animals in the tank or want to eat them by boiling them alive.	Animal protection organization PETAIngrid Newkirk said that they applaud the decision of the restaurant which serves as an example to those people who want to confine such intriguing animals to tiny tanks or boil them alive.	Wallay Ingrid newkrk, a member of Animal Protection Organization PETA say that restaurant decision is appreciatable and is an example for those who think to keep this precious Animal in to tank or to cook them in water.	According to a member of Pita, Ingrid Newkirk, the decision of the restaurant is admirable and is an example to those who only want to keep the animal in a tank or boil them and eat them.
Search of girl with the help of a cell phone.	The search of a girl by mobile.	cell phone helped to find the baby	Girl traced with the help of Mobile.
When the officials heard of Nataly Maltais, the police and firefighting forces of the city of Acton, Massachusetts came in to action.	When officials came to know about Natalie Maltise, the police and firefighters of Athule city in Massachusetts came alive.	authorities when came to know about Nitali Maltis, Massachusetts city Police officer and Agarbijhon forces came into action.	When officials came to know about Natali Maltrice, firefighters and police force  of Athol city of Massachusetts started the action.
Officials discovered the right location of the girl using the GPS on her cell phone.	The agents came to know about her exact location with the use of the GPS present in her mobile.	authorities finds the exact location of the baby with the help of GPRS installed in her cell phone.	Officials located the exact location of the girl with the help of GPS in her mobile.
Although with the google street view , it was found out that the girl is in a motel.	However, with the use of Google Street View, it came to be known that she was in a hotel.	But Google Street view help to locate baby that she was in Hotel.	However with the help of Google Street View she was found in a hotel.
One week earlier, Natale's grandmother, Rose Maltais, took Natale away from her legal parents care.	One week ago, Natalie's grandmother Rose Maltise had taken Natalie away from the supervision of her legal parents.	a week ago Natalie's grandmother Rose Maltois Natalie took her from her legal parents' custody.	A week earlier Natali's grandmother Rose Maltice took Natali with her from supervision of her legal parents.
Athol's police chief Timothy Anderson has told BBC that she said that she will never return Natale and then she left the state.	The Police Chief of Athule, Timothy Anderson told BBC that she said that she will never return Natalie, and she left the state.	Ethol's police chief Timothy Anderson told BBC that she said she would never give Natalie back and then she left the state.	The police chief of Athol Timothy Anderson told BBC, she said that now she will never return Natali and then she left the state.
Police contact Ms. Maltais but when she did not return Natale as per her promise then the police decided to find Natale through her cell phone.	The police contacted Mrs. Maltise but when she did not return Natalie, as promised, the police decided to trace Natalie using her mobile phone.	Police contacted Miss Maltois but when as per promise she did not send Natalie back, the Police decided to search for Natalie through her cell phone.	Police Contacted Mrs. Maltice, but when he did not returned Natali despite of promise then police decided to find him with the help of Natali's cell.
It is the law in USA since 2005 that mobile  service providing companies will provide location of 67% calls withing 100 meters and 95% calls withing 300 meters distance.	Since 2005, it is a rule in America that the mobile service providers must provide the location of 65% of the callers of more than 100 meters away and that of 95% of the callers of more than 300 meters away.	since 2005 there is a regulation in America that the cellular companies will provide location for 67 percent people in a range of 100 meters and 95 percent callers in a range of 300 meters.	Since 2005 it is in the law of America that Mobile companies have to provide location of callers 67 percent of callers at a distance of 100 meters and 95 percent of at 300 meters.
Hamid Karzai on the tour of India	Hamid Karzai on India trip	Hamid Karzai on a visit to India.	Hamid Karzai on India's tour
This is Hamid Karzai's second tour to India in the last five months.	This is the second Indian visit for Hamid Karzai in the last 5 months.	this is Hamid Karzai's second Indian tour in last five months.	It is the 2nd tour of India by Hamid Karzai in last five months.
It is being expected that he will discuss the conditions after the Bombay terrorist attacks during his meeting with the prime minister Manmohan Singh.	It is expected that he will speak to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh about the situation after the terrorist attacks in Mumbai, during this trip.	it is expected that during his meeting with Prime minister Manmohan Singh he will discuss after effects of the terrorist attacks in Mumbai.	It is hoped that he will discuss the state of affairs after the terrorists attack on Mumbai while in meeting with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh.
During this visit, he wants to express feelings of Afghanistan and its nation on the Bombay blasts and harmony with India.	During this trip, he wants to express the feelings of Afghnistan and its public about the Mumbai attacks, and show its solidarity with India.	during this visit he wants to express the feeling of his people and solidarity with India over the Mumbai terrorists attacks.	During this tour he wishes to deliver emotions of Afghanistan and her people and express his unanimity with India.
During this visit of Karzai, mutual trade will discussed apart from terrorism.	Apart from solidarity, Karzai will discuss business during this trip.	during Karzai's visit, besides extremism, bilateral trade will also be discussed.	During this tour of Karzai other then extremism bilateral trade will also be discussed.
There is an expectation of discussion about mutual collaboration to fight terrorism.	It is expected that the mutual help between the two countries, in eradicating extremism will be talked about.	discussion on bilateral cooperation to counter extremism between both countries is also expected.	Bilateral cooperation between the two for countering extremism is also hoped to be discussed.
in his first visit of india the president hamid karzai said that we wont let terrorism to be a problem in  relations between afghanistan and india to be	During his last visit to India, Hamid Karzai said that terrorism will not be allowed to interfere between the relationship between India and Afghanistan.	during his last visit to India, president Hamid Karzai said that terrorism will not be let into the relations between India and Afghanistan.	During his last tour of India President Hamid Karzai said that extremism will not be allowed to hinder the relations of the two countries.
he also said that india and afghanistan both are facing same challenge of  deadly and mercyless terrorist activite	He also said that both  India and Afghanistan should face the challenge of terrorism and mercilessness and slaughtering activities.	he also said that both India and Afghanistan are facing challenges of terrorism and merciless killings.	He also said that Both India and Afghanistan are facing the challenge of extremism, ruthless and assassination activities.
the peace and prosperity is in not only favourable for thier counties but for the entier world as well	Strength and peace is beneficial for both the countries and the entire world.	peace and stability in both countries, region and whole world is beneficial for everyone.	Peace and solidarity in both the countries is beneficial for the area and the world as well.
we realize this reality that both the countries and the entire world could defeat terroism by joining hands	We understand this truth that both countries and the entire world can fight this imprecation, only when united.	we understand this reality that both countries and the whole world can only join hands to face this curse of terrorism.	We understand the fact that both countries and the whole world unanimously can eliminate the curse of terrorism.
	Please understand that in July last year, Karzai held Pakistan's secret service department ISI responsible for the attack on the Indian embassy in Kabul.	it should be clear that for attacks on Indian embassy in Kabul in July last year, Karzai held Pakistani intelligence agency ISI responsible for it.	It must be noted that Karzai had blamed Pakistani Secret agency ISI for attack on Indian Embassy in Kabul in July last year.
	In this attack, one IFS high official including four Indians were killed.	in that attack, including a senior member of IFC, four Indians were killed.	4 Indians and an officer of IFS were killed in this attack.
	Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said, during Karzai's visit to India after the attacks on the embassy, that the attack was on the friendship of Afghanistan and India. We accepted this fact that we will not let terrorism interfere in our friendship.	after the attack on the embassy, during Karzai's visit to India, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said that this attack was on the India and Afghanistan friendship. We have agreed that terrorism will not be let into our relations.	After the attack on Embassy during the Karzai's tour of India Manmohan Singh said that the attack was on the friendship of India and Afghanistan, we have agreed that will not allow extremism to hinder our relations.
	Bombay Blasts, special judge for the hearing.	Mumbai attacks, special judge for hearing.	A special Judge has been nominated for hearing Mumbai attack.
	Bombay police commissioner Hassan Ghafour has said that the plea against the only accused Ajmal Amir Qasab, arrested alive during the terrorist attacks on Bombay , will be heard under the supervision of M.L. Tehlyani.	The Mumbai police commissioner Hassan Ghafoor has told that the hearing for the case registered against the only living accused from the Mumbai terrorist attacks will be carried under supervision of M.L. Tehliani.	The Mumbai police commissioner Hassan Ghafoor said that the extremists involved with the Mumbai attacks were arrested alive.The accused Ajmal Ameer is the only terrorist arrested with this case.
	Before this Ajmal Nukam is appointed as the official lawyer for this case.	earlier in this case, Ajol Nikum has been appointed as the public prosecutor.	Also a special lawyer has been appointed on behalf of the accused for the case.
Ajmal Kasab is under the custody of Police. It is expected that police will submit the charge sheet against him before 24th Jan.	Ajmal Qassab for the time being under arrest of police custody and this is expected that police lunch charge sheet against him before 24th of January.	Ajmal Qasab is now in police custody, and it is being hoped that the police will file a charge sheet against him before January 24th.	Ajmal is in the police custody currently and it is expected that the police may be filing a charge sheet against him before January 24.
Ajmal kasam does not have a lawyer to defend him in the court.	Ajmal Qassab did not have any lawyer for his defense.	Ajmal Qasab does not have any lawyer to defend him.	The Ajmal asks for a lawyer to defend himself.
Ajmal kasab has written to Govt. of Pakistan for Legal aid.	Qassab appeal legal help on one written letter to Pakistani government.	In a letter written to the Pakistani government, Qasab asked for legal aid.	He has sent an appeal letter to the Pakistan government asking for legal Help.
Pakistani extremists are responsible for mumbai attacks. India has provided the proofs to Pakistan.	India gives evidence to Pakistan about involvement of Pakistani extremist in Mumbai attack.	India has give Pakistan proof of the involvement of Pakistani extremists in the Mumbai attacks.	It is said that evidences are available to say that Pakistani extremists has some relations with the attacks of Mumbai, India.
Pakistan has accepted Ajmal Kasab as its citizen.	Pakistan accept that Ajmal Qassab is the citizen of Pakistan.	Pakistan has accepted that Ajmal Qasab is a Pakistani civilian.	Pakistan has accepted that Ajmal is a citizen of Pakistan.
According to police, Ajmal and his companion Abu ismail were run away after killing TS chief karkaray, addition police chief Ashok kumar and other police officers. Ajmal and his fellow terrorists used the squad car of police officer. They were caught later near gargam chopati.	according to police Ajmal Qassab friend Abu Al Ismail ATS chief Hamunt Karkuray, Additional Police commissioner Ashoke komantay expert of encounter Police inspector Vijay Salaskar include after killed police personal snatch scud car and runs away and than he arrested near form DB Marg Gargam Chupati.	According to the police case, Ajmal Qasab and his partner Abu Ismail killed 6 police officers including ATS chief Hemant Karkare, Additional Police Commissioner Ashok Kamte and Encounter specialist Police Inspector Vijay Salaskar, after which they fled with their squad car, which was later recovered near DB Marg, Gurgam Choupati.	According to the police case, additional police commissioner Ashok, Police Inspector Vijay and six more policemen were killed while Ajmal and his companion Abu Ismail were caught.
Ismail khan was killed and Ajmal was captured by Police.	due to police action Ismail Khan died and police arrested Ajmal Qasam alive.	During police action, Ismail Khan died and the police captured Ajmal alive.	Ismail Khan died in the police action and police have arrested Ajmal alive.
No advocate has been assigned to assist Ajmal.	still no lawyer hired for Ajmal Qasab case.	No lawyer was appointed yet, to follow Ajmal's case.	A lawyer has not yet been nominated in the case on behalf of the Ajmal.
Govt appointed Danish Mota as lawyer for Ajmal Kasab but Mota refused to take this case. According to him it is immoral to defend Ajmal.	the one lawyer which selected by government Daneesh Muta deny to accept this case on moral bases.	The lawyer chosen by the government, from the legal aid cell, Dinesh Mota refused to accept the case on moral reasons.	The Government has accepted to give the legal aid cell. The lawyer Danish palpable was nominated but he refused to take the case because of the moral grounds.
Two other lawyers also refuse to defend Ajmal after the protest of some political parties.	two lawyers take back there name after protest by one political party and Contra-Remonstrance.	Two lawyers pulled out their names after protests and opposition by the people of a political group.	Lawyers from opposition political party have been protesting against this.
Constitutional Amendments: A committee will be formed.	Legal committee formed.	Constitutional Amendment; Committee to be formed	Council: 'comitte has been chosen'
On tuesday in Islamabad after addressing a seminar held for environmental changes, while talking to media representatives, he said, that a hearing of the parliament will be called for, where this committee will be formed.	On Tuesday, here in Islamabad he was addressing a seminar on environmental changes. after the his address he told the media that a meeting of parliamentary party will be called to decide the formation of this committee.	After addressing a seminar on environment change, he told media representatives that for this sake, the parliamentary meeting will take place in which a committee will be formed.	On tuesday in Isalamabad after a seminar on environmental changes discussing with media people he said that i this period a group parliment party will be reqired in which this comittee will be chosen.
He said that uptil now MQM has presented a bill to change the 17th constitution and further parties will give more bills.	He said that MQM had presented the bill to dissolve 17th amendment. Others parties are planning to present their bills.	He said that until now, to complete the 17th amendment, the constitutional amendment bill was presented by the Joint National Movement to the National Assembly, whereas other political parties have also presented their constitutional bills in this regard to the parliament.	He said until now Group movement has been chosen and has been placed in the assembly whereas the other political parties will also be placed before parliment.
He said that the Pakistan Peoples party has also asked for amendments in the 17th constitution and asked other parties to do so as well and this committee will view their requests.	He told,  'to remove 17th amendment PPP has sent a legal document to all political parties.'	He said that the Pakistan Peoples Party has also send all the political parties a rough version of the 17th amendment and the committee would analyze their version.	He also told for the end of satarwin party Pakistan public party has sent a notice to all political parties  and committee will also go through this notice.
In answer to a question he replied, That the balance of power between the president and the prime minister will be decided upon by the Parliament.	answering a question he told that balance of powers between PM and president would be decided by Parliament.	In answer to a question, he said that the parliament would decide the balance of power between the President and the Prime Minister.	In one of his answers to the questions he has said that The issue between leader and minister is goin to be sought out in parliament.
The Prime minister said that the Parliament holds power to make all decisions.	Prime minister said that Parliament is sovereign to make decisions.	The Prime Minister said that the Parliament has the complete right to take any decision.	Prime minister said parliament has all rights for making decisions.
In answer to another question the ex president Rtd General Pervaiz Musharaaf , was asked to leave his post in the army by alot of party leaders and Bae Nazir Bhutto herself as well.	while answering another question he said that Benazir along with other political forces had also played a role in forcing Musharraf to step down as Army chief. She convinced the International community about Gen. Musharraf's shedding of military uniform.	In answer to another question, he said that in getting the former President retired General Pervez Musharraf to leave his post, apart from the role of political parties, the former Prime Minister and Chairperson of the Pakistan Peoples Party, Benazir Bhutto also played an important role, by forcing the global brotherhood to remove the uniform of President Pervez Musharraf.	In one of his answers he also said that leader retired General Parwez Musharraf has been asked to quit the position of army prime minister and Pakistani chair person Benazzir Bhutto have also their roles very important who gave emphasis on universal brotherhood and also emphasized on leader parwez Musharraf to remove his uniform
He said that the elected vice president of America Joe Haiden is a supported of Pakistan and democracy and in recognition of his services he was given the Hilale Pakistan by the President.	He said that vice president of America Joseph Byden are supporter of democracy in Pakistan. That is why he is awarded sitars imtiaz.	He said that the elected Vice President of America, Joe Biden was a supporter of Pakistan and democracy, and that the president honored him in return for his services with the Pakistani Crescent.	He also said that American leader Jobatin is in favor of pakistan and south and for his services leader of pakistan has titled him with honor.
After the Mumbai incident in response to the threat of eliminating all contacts by the Indian government the Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gilani said that the Indian government is giving such statements under the extreme pressure of the Indian people.	When asked about the Indian threat to cut off any relations with Pakistan, PM said that this statement was given under the intense public pressure.	Replying to a question about the Indian governments warning of breaking all ties with Pakistan, after the Mumbai incident, the Prime Minister Yusuf Raza Geelani said that the leaders are under extreme pressure from the public, which is why they issue such statements.	After Mumubai attack every kind of relationship between India and Pakistan will be broken regarding this answering a question Yussof Raza lihalini  told Indian government are under pressure hence they give this type of warnings
Protest against the siding of Journalists.	Protest against the removal of journalists	Protest against the removal of journalists	The dismissal of journalists was protested.
I refuse to accept the cynical notion that nation after nation must spiral down a militaristic stairway in to the hall of thermonuclear destruction. I believed that unarmed truth and unconditional love will have the final word in reality.	On Tuesday the organization of journalists, RIUJ held protests in front of the Islamabad Press Club of journalists and newspaper workers against media owners and the government about the news channel and newspapers removing many of their employees.	Many of print and electronic media journalists held protest demonstration under the backing of RIUJ against the downsizing in different media organizations. They were shouting slogans against media owners and government	On Tuesday, the journalists in Islamabad went on a protest in front of the press club. Newspaper workers, journalists of TV channels, and the employees of newspapers and large number of the media owners raised the protest slogans.
I believe that even amid today's mortar bursts and whining bullets, there is still hop for a brighter tomorrow. I believe that wounded justice, lying prostrate on the blood flowing streets of our nation can be lifted from this dust of shame or reign supreme among the children of men.	Speaking to the protesters, senior member of Pakistan's biggest journalist organization, Federal Union of Journalists,  C.R. Shamsi said that the politicians who used to protest with us till yesterday on the streets, today they have become rulers and are sitting in the parliament. Fearing a certain lobby of the media owners, they are not doing anything for the rights of the journalists.	CR Shamsi, a senior member RIUJ, addressed the gathering. He said the same politicians who were protesting on roads with us, now are ruling this country. They have not enough courage to take actions against some power media owners	Addressing the protestors, the journalists of big newspapers in Federal Union of Journalists of Pakistan and senior members said that the politicians were protested today. The newspaper owners of small group were holding due to the fear on the rights of journalists.
I have the audacity to believe the people everywhere can have three meals a day for their bodies, education and culture for their minds, and dignity, equality and freedom for their spirits.	He said that the newspaper owners who speak of human rights have made their offices punishment houses and beggar camps, where despite earning millions of Rupees per year, the workers are given meager wages and by removing hundreds of them, they are killing them economically.	He said how the owners of media groups talked about human rights; they are exploiting the poor journalists by killing them financially.	He said that the Human Rights to the newspaper owners should be given to these organizations. The punishment and impressment camp of workers may lead to loss of billions  of rupees in spite of the annual profits.
This faith can give us courage to face the uncertainties of the future. It will gives our tired feet new strength as we continue our forward stride toward the city of freedom.	An example of this is in front of us of the worker of a private TV channel, Channel 5, in Lahore, who committed suicide over not getting his salary for four months. And even today, due to being unfairly removed or not getting salaries for months, many workers are leading very difficult lives.	One example of the exploitation is the suicide of a reporter of Lahore based Private TV channel. He was not having his due salary for four months. The media workers are living hand to mouth under the constant stress of downsizing and under payment.	The example of this is that channel five, a private TV at Lahore. A member commited suicide for not recieving salary and many workers today also forced over non-payment of salaries for months because of which they are spending their lives with tension.
When our days become dreary with low-hovering clouds and our nights and become darker than a thousands midnights, we will know that we are living in the creative turmoil of a genuine civilization.	He said that there should be firm steps taken against the TV and newspaper owners, and the journalists should put a protest camp in front of the parliament to get their rights.	He supported a decisive action against media owners. A camp should be installed before the National assembly to show anger and protest.	He said that the TV and newspaper owners went on a permanent protest in front of parliament saying that steps should be taken for the rights of journalists.
With the richness and variety of bird life is exiting discoveries of a similar kind are awaiting to be made by any bird watcher who has the requisite enthusiasm and  perseverance.	C.R. Shamsi criticized the governor of Punjab, Salman Taseer, saying that employees were removed from his Urdu Newspaper 'Aaj Kal' staff, without prior notice.	CR Shamsi criticized Salman taseer and blamed that Govers newspaper aaj Kaal is sacking its employees without any prior notice.	Salman, the governor of Punjab and solar energy criticised to an Urdu newspaper Today about the employees not given any notice.
In actual fact there is little danger from and elephant unless it happens to be a rogue or a female with a small calf.	Wheras Junah daily, Khabrein daily, Channel 5, Burns Plus TV and Aaj TV have removed dozens of workers.	Daily Jinnah, daily khabrain, Channel 5, business plus and Aaj news have sacked dozens of their employees.	Dozens of employees were also dismissed at The daily Jinnah, Daily News Channel, Plus Five, Business TV and TV today.
I still believe that one day mankind will bow before the altars of god and be crowned triumphant over war and bloodshed,and non-violent redemptive would will be proclaimed the rule of the land the lion and the lamb shall lie down together and every man shall sit under his own vine.	Speaking to the protestors, the General Secretary of PUFJ said that today, throughout the country, journalist organizations are observing a black day against the removal of journalists and newspaper workers, whereas journalists will go to the parliamentary session wearing black bands on their arms to get back their rights.	Mazhar Abbas, General Secretary RIUJ, also addressed. He said that all journalists associations are observing black day today to protest anganist forced abdications of journalists. He said that journalists will cover the parliaments session with black strips to protest.	The BJP and the secretary general of the demonstrators Mazhar Abbas said while addressing to the country today that his journalist organizations and journalists of the newspaper tied black bandages on their arms claiming the rights of journalists.
I was also asked how I could subsist on the little food I ate during my meals,and this knowledge again was obtained by watching me eat till i mustered enough courage to shut the kitchen door.	According to Mazhar Abbas, in 50% of the Pakistani newspapers and TV channels the workers and journalists were being exploited, where they work without any agreement.	Mazhar Abbas said that 50% TV channels and newspapers of Pakistan are exploiting media workers. Journalists are working there without any formal agreement	According to the Pakistan Mazhar Abbas 85 percent of workers at newspapers and TV channels are being exploited without any agreement at the place where he is working.
The villages were curious about me, and strange as it may seem, I had not anticipated it. It usually showed itself in their asking me direct question.	He said that till now, more than 200 journalists and workers have been removed from newspapers and TV channels, while it is being feared that the owners will remove hundreds more in the present year, making an excuse of the present financial crisis.	He said that more than 200 journalists and media workers are being sacked from TV channels and newspapers. More workers can be sacked by using economic crisis as a possible reason.	He said that so far, more than 200 journalists and workers at newspapers and TV channels are being removed in the current year by the owners and feared that hundreds of more workers may be dismissed because of the economic crisis.
Mazhar Abbas said that the journalist movement will continue, until removed employees are not reinstated, the newspaper workers wages fixed by the seventh Wage board award is not enforced, and the salaries for many months payable to TV channels and newspaper workers is not paid.	Mazhar Abbas has said that the journalists' movement will continue unless, the dismissed workers are restored, implementation of the seventh wage board responsible of determining the wages of employees of news papers and release of salaries of TV channels and newspaper employees' blocked since many months.	Mazhar Abbas said that movement of journalists will remain active till restoration of dismissed employees, implementation of 7th wage board and payment of pending salaries to employees of newspapers and TV channels.	The movement Mazhar Abbas Attiya for journalists will continue until the dismissed employees are restored and the newspaper workers wages are determined by the seventh board. The implementation of the award by the TV channels, and newspapers for the employees and the salary has been stopped for many months.
11 member cabinet takes oath.	cabinet of eleven members have taken oath.	Cabinet of 11 members took its oath.	non Kabina has raised its voice
The new cabinet has six ministers from the opposition party of former Prime Minister, Sardar Atheeq Ahmed, the Muslim Conference, two from Pakistan Peoples Party, two from Peoples Muslim League and one minister from the Joint National Movement.	new cabinet includes six ministers from anti, ex prime minister Sardar Atiq Ahmed Khan, Muslim conference group, two from Pakistan Peoples Party, two from Peoples Muslim Conference and two from the Mutahida Qaumi Movement.	New cabinet consists of a Far-ward block of former PM Sardar Attique's Muslim conference, 2 members of PPP, 2 members of People's Muslim League and one member of MQM.	New kabinas prime minister Atique Ahmed Khan of Mukhalif Muslim conference which of Pakistani popular party, Pakistan Muslim league and one of Khaimi movement person is involved.
The 11 cabinet members include one lady minister, who belongs to the Ateeq opposition Muslim Conference party.	the eleven members cabinet also includes a female member as well who belongs to the anti Atiq Muslim Conference group.	A female member is also a part of the cabinet. She belongs to the far-ward block of Muslim conference.	In 11 members of Kabina one of is women whose name is Vazeer bee and she is connected to Atique Mukhalif group.
The joint ruler said that the cabinet will be expanded next week, and it is possible that 12 more ministers will be taken into the cabinet. It should be clear that in the beginning of this month, Sardar Ateeq Khan's opposers removed him from the post of Prime Minister by showing lack of trust, and they made Sardar Ya'qoob Khan the new Prime Minister.	the ruling coalition has said that an expansion will be made in the cabinet next week, and it is expected that a dozen more ministers will be added to the cabinet. note that earlier this month Sardar Atiq Khan was dismissed from the prime ministry through vote of no confidence and Sardar Yaqoob was elected as the new prime minister.	According ruling  alliance, the cabinet will be enhanced during next week. 12 more ministers will be included in the cabinet. Earlier this month Sardar Attique Khan lost his position because of vote of no confidence. He was replaced by Sardar yaqoob khan.	Leaders have confirmed that in Kabina if inspested weekly maximum twelve have been joined in Kabina In the beginning this month leader Atique khan have inspected it has been remove and leader yakhoob khan was appointed.
The jurisdiction of these ministers will be announced later on.	the departments of these ministers will be announced later on.	The departments of these ministers will be announced later.	In Nizra was announced later.
On the occasion of oath taking, members of the Peoples Party shouted slogans in favor of former Pakistani Prime Minister, Benazir Bhutto.	during the oath taking ceremony, the workers of Pakistan Peoples Party raised slogans in favor of ex prime minister Benazir Bhutto.	During oath taking ceremony, PPP workers raised slogans in support of Benazir bhutto, Former Prime Minister of Pakistan.	On the eve of alaf bindari public party had raised slogans in favor of prime minister Benazir Bhutto.
3.5 million users affected by virus	3.5 million users effected from the virus.	3.5 million users infected by Virus.	The virus has affected 35 lakh consumers.
In this virus first detected in October 2008 which is known by names such as Configure, Down and up, Kido	discovered for the first time in October 2008, this virus known by the names like Confecker, Down and Up and Kido.	Conficker was first time identified in October 2008. It is also named as Downup, Downadup and Kido	The first virus was identified on 8 October, 2008 and was named later.
Microsoft has come out with a patch to deal with this virus, but still some 3.5 million computers and memory sticks were affected by this virus.	Microsoft had released a patch to tackle with this virus but despite of that almost 3.5 million computer and memory sticks have been affected with it.	A patch is offered by Microsoft to remove this virus but still almost 3.5 computers and memory sticks have been infected by this.	The criteria for sites to deal with the virus, and a plot to take was developed. But nearly 35 million computers were affected by this.
Experts say that number of infected computers could be many.	the experts say that the number of effected computers can be a lot more.	Experts say that the number of affected computers might be quite large.	Experts say that the computers affected may be even more than this.
To settle with this, consumer has to use Microsoft's page 'MS08067'.	to handle this, the users need to use Microsoft's MS08067 patch.	To get rid of this, dealers will have to use Microsoft's MS08-067 patch.	For dealing with the consumers meeting the criteria for sites to the 'zero zero associate 2000 suture' plight needs to be used.
Microsoft says that virus which affects thousands of computers, searches for windows file 'services.exe' and adds itself into its code.	according to Microsoft, this virus which infected millions of computers, locates the services.exe file in windows and then enter gets into its code.	Microsoft says that the virus which has affected thousands of computers searches for the Windows file 'services.exe' and injects its code into that.	The criteria for sites that has visits from hundreds or thousands of people to file using the virus 'services Cork E. E.', should have a search and include a Code.
After that virus makes itself into a DLL file into system folder of windows.	afterwards, this virus turns into a DLL type of file into the System folder of the windows.	Then, this virus becomes a DLL type of file, in the Windows system folder.	After this, the virus in the enthusiastic leap XP system of an LLB will be in any of the file.
This virus creates its file name too.	it also creates the name of this file as well.	This virus also creates the name of the file.	Is this virus in the name of this file creation.
Then changes the details of the registry of windows.	then changes the registry details of the windows.	It then changes the Windows registration details.	Then the registration of XP details in the computer will  change.
This virus creates a problem after it gets active which comes out as 'HTTP Server' and changes the restore point of the machine.	after getting activated, this virus creates a problem which rises as an http server and changes the restore point of the system.	After this virus is activated, it creates a problem, which appears as an HTTP server, and changes the restore point of the machine.	The virus after active comes into the machine and the server and accommodate a point to change.
After that it download files from the hackers website.	afterwards, it downloads the files from the maker's website.	It then downloads files from hackers' websites.	After this, the download of files from the Web site becomes slow.
Microsoft has to say that this virus has affected computers in different countries.	according to Microsoft, this virus has infected computers in different countries of the world.	Microsoft claims that this virus has affected computers in various countries.	Depending upon the criteria of sites in the world, the virus affects the computers in different countries.
These countries include China, Brazil, Russia, India, America and Britain.	these countries include China, Brazil, Russia, India, America and Britain.	China, Brazil, Russia, India, America and England are some of those countries.	This includes countries like Brazil, China, Russia, India, the United States and Britain.
'The Demand for a Quick Report on Indian Information'	The advantages of such an agreement are great	ask for urgent report on Indian information.	Delivery of The Indian Information.
In an interview with the representatives of the media, after a meeting of the Home Ministry, he said that the given by India	By his own nature as a man; this is my attack him, and death will certainly come to him sooner or later.	on Monday after meeting in ministry of foreign affairs while talking to the media representative he said that information given from India	After the meeting, the Interior Ministry talked to the representatives of media on Saturday about India.
information will help in investigation in these regards.	One man can become a Doctor, knowing that others will grow food makes cloths and build a house for him.	information help for to investigate this matter.	The issue of help for the investigation.
He said that Pakistan was a sovereign nation and about the investigation on the information received from India, no country's	When men become organized into very large groups and civilization develops, it is possible to get freedom  from hunger, thirst, cold, heat.	they said Pakistan is an independent country and do investigation on information provided by India from any country	He said that Pakistan is an independent country from India, and is not receiving any information by the investigation of the country.
dictation wuld be accepted.	so that he can live happily with the others.	will not accept any dictation.	Daily calls will not be accepted.
He said that apart from the information received from India, they was gathering other information as well.	A man living absolutely alone in a desert or forest is free from other people; but he is not absolutely free.	they said also collecting other information in addition information getting form India	He said that in addition to the information recieved, other informations are also given by India.
The internal advisor said that the executive institutions have taken 124 members of practically non-existent groups into custody, solely on the basis of the fear of a reduction in peace.	His freedom is limited in several ways, firstly, by the things around him, such as wild animals or cliffs too steep to climb.	Adviser of foreign minter said that organization who control law and order arrested 124 member of blacklist organization for the risk of peace threat.	The interior minister said that atleast 124 members of the Peace team are feared to have been arrested under the law-enforcing the banned organization.
And if any evidence is found against them, action will be taken against them, while innocent people will be freed.	secondly, by his on needs: he must have sleep, water, food and shelter from extreme heat or cold.	and if found some evidence against some of them will take an action against them although innocent will be free.	And if there is nothing against some people, then the evidence of action against the innocent people will be released.
In an answer to a question, he said that no arrested person would be handed over to India, and that action would be taken against such individuals according  to Pakistani law.	When men live together, on the other hand, protection against wild animals is easier and they can work together to get food and build shelters; but each men has to give up some of his freedom.	he replies on one question that no one prison can send to India  and take an action against them as according to Pakistani Law.	In response to a question, he said that a person was arrested in connection with India and action will be taken according to the Pakistani laws.
He said that action would be taken against these individuals according to the law of the FIA.	I agree to respect the rights of others, and in return they agree to respect mine.	he said takes an action against them as on F.I.A law.	He said that the action will be taken against the people of FIA under the law.
Answering one of the questions, he said that Indian law enforcing departments have collected information regarding the people involved in the Bombay incident in 42 days. Therefore he is hopeful that India along with the International clan will give Pakistan some time to do its research on these findings.	In reply to a question, he said that the law enforcing agencies in India took 42 days to gather information about the guilty people in th Mumbai incident, so we hope that India, along with the global community will give Pakistan some time to verify this information.	while answering a question he said that the Indian law enforcement agencies have collected information about people involved in Mumbai attacks in 42 days therefore the world community including India will give some time to Pakistan to investigate on these informations.	In response to a question, he said that the Indian law enforcing agencies in Mumbai has given the information to the international community in 42 days and he hopes that the investigation will be for India and Pakistan at the same time.
He reiterated this offer of the government that a separate interrogating team will be formed for the investigation of Bombay incident.	They once again repeated the offer of the government to form a joint investigation team for the research of the Mumbai incident.	He reiterated this offer from the government that a joint investigation team be made to investigate the Mumbai attacks.	The government has to offer again to repeat the investigation of Mumbai incident and a joint team should be formed.
Be clear that a three member interrogating team has been formed under the supervision of additional director general FIA, which will investigate	Let it be known, that a three member investigation team has been formed in the leadership of the Additional Director General of the FIA. The information about the Mumbai attacks given by India	it should be clear that a 3 membered investigation team led by additional director general FIA which is   of Mumbai attacks from India.	It should be noted that a three-member team was formed from India for the Mumbai attacks under the leadership of additional director general of the FIA.
the information given to Pakistan from India regarding the Bombay attacks.	to Pakistan, is being verified by this team.	investigating on informations provided to Pakistan.	Pakistan is to investigate on the Information.
Pakistan's High commissioner Shahid Malik met President Asif Ali Zardari in India, in which the president made it clear that if any Pakistani was found involved in Bombay attacks, action will be taken against him according to the country's law and no one will be handed over to India. Although Indian government is continuously pressurizing Pakistan to hand over anyone involved in this matter to India.	The High Commissione of Pakistan in India, Shahid Malik, met President Asif Ali Zardari, in which meeting the president made it clear that if any Pakistani group or individual is found guilty in the Mumbai attacks, action will be taaken against them according to the country law, and no one would be handed over to India. This, when the Indian government is continuously pressuring Pakistan to hand over the guilty people to India.	Pakistani High commissioner in India Shahid Malik has met president Asif Ali Zardari in which it was cleared that if any person or group from Pakistan is found involved in Mumbai attacks, he will be dealt in accordance with the national laws and no one will be handed over to India. whereas the Indian leadership is putting pressure on Pakistan to extradite the people involved in the incident to India.	Pakistan's High Commissioner Shahid Malik met the President Asif Ali Zardari and has clarified that if any Pakistani individual or group was found to be involved in attacks of Mumbai then action will be taken in India and Pakistan.
"Anything is possible in America"	'Anything is possible in America'	'Any thing is possible in America'	Everything is possible in America
Mr. Obama will take the oath on 20th January as the 44th President of America.	Mister Obama will take the oath on the 20th of January, to become America's 44th President.	Mr. Obama will take oath as the 44th president of America on 20th January.	Mr Obama took the oath on 20th january as the fortieth president of America
Standing on the stairs of the building built in the memory of the 16th American president, Abraham Lincoln, addressing a music concert	Standing on the steps of the memorial built in the remembrance of the 16th American President, Abraham Lincoln, in Washington and giving a speech to the music concert,	while standing on the stairs of the building built in memory of 16th American president Abraham Lincoln and addressing a musical concert	Tomorrow there will be an address on the stairs of the Lincoln Memorial which has been built to honor the 16th President of the United States in Washington
Mr. Obama said that America faces hard challenges of its many generations and he is hopeful that America will take control of these problems.	mister Obama said that America is facing the most difficult challenges it has faced in many generations, and that he hopes that America can overcome those challenges.	Mr. Obama said that America is facing the most bitter challenges since many generations and he is hopeful that America will take care of it.	Mr Obama said that America is facing one of the greatest challanges in its history , but he was very hopeful that America will take control of all the problems
Abraham Lincoln ended the culture of slavery in America.	Abraham Lincoln had got rid of the tradition of slavery from India.	Abraham Lincoln put an end to slavery in America.	Abrahim Lincoln freed the nations from the shakles of slavery.
At the same time, Mr. Obama said that it will take time to resolve the problems facing the country, and that the path will be trying.	But at the same time Mr. Obama said that it will take time to solve problems that are facing the country and it is a tough road.	But along with that Mr. Obama also stated that solving the problems faced by the country would take time and that the path would be a very difficult one.	And with it Mr Obama said that our country is facing a lot of hardships and it will take some time to get out of them and it will be a tough way out.
'But despite this, I believe that the dreams of the founders of this country will remain alive'.	But nevertheless, I am hopeful that the dream of the founders of this country will live.	"But despite this Im hopeful that the vision of the founders of this Nation will stay alive.	But apart from this , I am still hopeful that ideological founder of this nation the will remain alive
Apart from the Iraqi and Afghani wars, America is suffering from a devastating financial crisis.	America, besides the wars of Iraq and Afghanistan, is fighting a great economic downfall.	Besides being involved in the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, America is in the grip of a severe economic crisis.	Other then Iraq and Afghanistan war, America has also been facing extreme financial crisis
Extra normal steps are being taken for the oath taking ceremony.	Unusual steps are being taken for the ceremony of the oath taking.	Extra ordinary preparations are on the way for the oath taking ceremony.	Special arrangements have been made for the oath taking cermony
Organizers believe that 2 million people will attend the function.	Management thinks that 2 million people will attend this ceremony.	Observers believe that around two million people will attend the ceremony.	According to management two million people are attending this gathering
Monday is a national holiday in America, as on that date, the great standard bearer of human rights, Martin Luther King was killed.	America has a public holiday on Monday as on this same day the great leader of human rights Martin Luther King was assassinated.	Tuesday is a national holiday because on that day the great American visionary, Martin Luther King, was assassinated.	Monday is a national holiday in America because on this day one of the greatest saviour of human rights, Martin Luther King was being assisinated
Martin Luther King was black.	Martin Luther King was black.	Martin Luther King was an African American.	Martin Luther King was black in race
Salutation to Martin Luther King, a resolution to work.	A tribute to Martin Luther King, The decision of doing work.	Commitment to work was promised in honor of the memory of Martin Luther King.	Tribute to Martin Luther King, Devoted to work
Dr. Martin Luther King was killed in the year 1968.	Dr. Martin Luther King was murdered in 1968.	Dr Martin Luther King was killed in the year 1968.	Dr. Martin Luther King was assassinated in 1968.
Barack Obama saluted Martin Luther King and told the Americans that they would work together to fulfill the promises of this nation.	Barrack Obama paid tribute to Dr. Martin Luther King and told Americans to work together to fulfill the promises of this nation.	Barak Obama paid his respects to Dr King and told his fellow Americans to work together to achieve what was promised to this country.	Barack Obama tributed Dr. King and asked Americans to work with united effort for fulfilling their promises.
Here, in Washington, preparations are being made for an unprecedented gathering of the public, for the oath taking ceremony by the new president on Tuesday.	Preparations are in progress for a great public gathering on oath taking ceremony of new president. Ceremony will held on Tuesday.	There in Washington there are preparations going on towards the oath ceremony that is going to take place on Tuesday. the preparations include the preparation for the big public meeting.	In Washington preparations are taking place for the arrangements of unprecedented gathering of people for the new President oath ceremony on Tuesday.
It is believed that near 2 million people will gather in Washington to watch the historic oath of presidency by the president.	Nearly 2 million are expected to participate in this historic oath taking ceremony.	It is expected that nearly twenty-Lakh people will gather in Washington for the first time in the American history, to see this American oath leadership ceremony.	Almost two million people are expected to gather to see this historical President Oath.
Barack Obama started Monday by visiting a medical center in North Washington, where he met with injured American soldiers. After this, he visited a home for the homeless, and painted a wall.	On Monday, barrack Obama started his day by visiting a medical center to meet the wounded American soldiers. After this he went to a shelter for homeless people and painted a wall.	Barack Obama has made the beginning of Monday by his visit to the TB center in the North America.In in the later part of the day he visited the injured American soldiers. After this he went to visit the house of those who were homeless and painted something on the wall.	Barack Obama has started Monday by visiting a medical center in Northern Washington where he met wounded American soldiers afterwards he went to a shelter for homeless and painted a wall.
Speaking to journalists, Barack Obama said: "After the present crisis which we are facing, and the difficulties that many people are undergoing, we cannot sit quietly".	While talking to journalists he said, 'in the crisis that we are in  and the difficulties that our people are facing, we cant afford to sit idle'	While talking to the correspondents Barack Obama has said that - " the problems and troubles in which we are bounded and people who are homeless and troubled by the present circumstances require us to take actions to come out of these problems.	Talking to correspondents Barack Obama said: The current crisis we are having and the problems many people are facing,in this situation we can't sit and relax.
He said that Martin Luther King spent most of his for the people.	He said that Martin Luther King spent his life to serve the people.	He has also said that King Martin Luther had spent most of his life by serving the nation and its people.	He said that Martin Luther King has spent his life in serving people.
Barack Obama said: "Today, we are remembering and respecting him, so it is not a day for us to stop and think. It is a day for us to act".	Barrack Obama said today we are honoring the memories of him. This is not the day to just pause and think. It is the day to act.	Barack Obama was also saying that when we are respecting the memories of King Martin Luther then we should not just stand in his respect instead adopt his sayings in our practice.	Barack Obama said that today when we are remembering him, this is not the day to stay and think. It is the day to act.
He said that the ceremony on Tuesday would be on the same path as that of Martin Luther King's 'My Dream' speech, to hear which many thousands of people gathered, in 1963.	He said on the oath taking ceremony on Tuesday will have the same spirit as it was in 1963, when many people gathered to hear the "I've a dream" of Martin Luther King.	He has said that the Tuesday's function in which thousands of people gathered to hear the dream of King Martin Luther. People heard my speech which who were also gathered to hear the same dream in the year 1970.	He said that Tuesday's ceremony will be held on the same place where thousands of people gathered for Martin Luther King's 'I have a dream' in 1963.
In this speech, Martin Luther King said that the day will come when people would not be preferentially treated based on their color.	During that speech Martin Luthar king said that a day will come when no discrimination will be made on the basis of one's skin color.	King Martin Luther has also said in the same function that " that day would come when people would take inspiration from his color.	In this speech Martin Luther King said that the day will come when people will not be differentiated on the base of their color.
BBC's Mathew Price said that you can call it the patching up of history, that Martin Luther King Day came twenty four hours before the first black president in American history would take the oath of office.	It is a strange historical coincidence that Martin Luther King Day should fall the day before when first black president of US will take his oath, said by BBC's Matthew Price.	According to the BBC's reporter Mathew Pres in the history of the American oath taking ceremony, the King Martin Luther has come for the oath taking ceremony before 24 hours while the other American leaders would take the oath on the blue form.	Mathew Price of BBC says that it is the tragedy of history that the day of Martin Luther is 24 hours earlier then the day when first black President of America will sworn in.
In many of the southern states of America, Barack Obama's presidency is the interpretation of Dr. Martin Luther King's dream.	For many in the southern states, Barack Obama's presidency will be a realization of Dr Luther King's dream	The leadership of Obama in the various states of South America would prove to be the implementation of the dream of the King Martin Luther.	For many in southern states of America  the Presidency of Barack Obama, will be the interpretation of Martin Luther King's dream.
was the additional political agent.	Additional Political has been freed.	Was the Additional Political Agent.	Additional Political agent raw
The additional political agent was kidnapped ten days ago from south Waziristan by unidentified masked men.	10 days ago, Additional political Agent was kidnapped by some unknown kidnappers in south Wazirisatan	The Additional Political Agent was kidnapped by the unknown masked men on the first ten days from Southern Wazeerastan.	Additional political agent was kidnapped ten days ago from south Uzbekistan by some masked people.
Sources say that the agent was kidnapped by the Mulla Nazeer faction of local Taliban.	Sources claim that Mulla Nazir group of local Taliban is responsible for the kidnapping of agent.	Sources said that the member was kidnapped by the Mulla Nazeer Group's local Taaliban.	resources indicates that the agent was kidnapped to Mulla nazeer groups residence
According to the local government, around 4 o'clock in the evening, Tuesday, the Additional Political Agent of South Waziristan, Aamir Latheef was brought to Wana Scouts camp, by a group of tribals.	According to local administration, Political Agent, Aamir Latif was handed over to scout camp by the tribal jirga.	On the basis of the local organization on Tuesday at nearly four o'clock in the evening the Additional Political Agent of Wazeerastan Aamir Lateef had reached the Wana Scout Camp by a tribal group.	According to residential sources on Tuesday at 4 pm waziretan s additional political agent Amir Latif will be shifted to Jarge Scouts camp
However, they did not reveal who had kidnapped the additional political agent.	It was not disclosed who was responsible for kidnapping the political agent.	But they didn't say that who kidnapped the Additional Political Agent.	But they did not revealed that they had kidnapped additional political agent
However, the locals are saying that the political agent was kidnapped by the Mulla Nazeer faction of local Taliban.	However, people of local tribes claim Mulla Nazir group of Taliban were responsible for kidnapping the Political agent.	Therefore local people say that the local Taaliban had kidnapped the Political Agent.	residential people told that political agent was kidnapped by local Taliban's
Aamir Latheef was kidnapped when he was going from Wana to Tank.	Aamir Latif was kidnapped when he was traveling form wana to Tonk.	Aamir Lateef was kidnapped at that time when he was going to Tank from Wana Camp.	Amir Latif was kidnapped at a time when he was leaving for Tang from there.
On the 11th of January, 2009, seven masked men kidnapped the additional political agent, Aamir Latheef, along with his driver, from the tribal area, Karkandah of South Waziristan.	On 11th January 2009, Additional Political agent Aamir Latif and his driver were kidnapped by 7 veiled gun men in the tribal area of South Waziristan.	On the eleventh of January 2009 in the tribal locality of Karkandra seven armed masked men had kidnapped the Additional Political Agent Aamir Lateef along with his driver.	On 11th January 2009 in South Uzbekistan Kahlbi region seven masked people kidnapped additional political agent with driver
According to the government agent, the kidnappers first disarmed the guards, and after that they seated the additional political agent in another car, and took him away from there.	According Govt. officials, kidnappers first disarmed the security guards of the political agents and then take him away from there.	Official members say that the kidnappers first unarmed the security available in the cars and then made the Additional Political Agent to sit in another car and took him away.	According to resources first the kidnappers inspected the vehicle and then additional agent was taken in a vehicle and taken away
According to the local government, after the kidnapping of the additional political agent, security forces guarded all the check posts in South Waziristan and semi-tribal areas, and the people coming and going were searched thoroughly, and from the previous one week, the rulers have placed economic restrictions on Wana.	According to Local administration, all the check posts in the area have been strengthened with more security forces. Travelers are scrutinized thoroughly. An economic sanction has been imposed on Wana for last week.	According to the Local Organization after the kidnap of the Additional Political Agent security forces blockaded all the check posts of the Southern Wazeerastan and the tribal area and every passerby was checked thoroughly and from about a week the officials had ordered economical restrictions on Wana.	Due to kidnap of additional political agent security forces put a checking at all check points in south Uzbekistan and neen khabili areas and checked all the vehicles passing from there and from past one week police has restricted the area
on 8th of December 2008, Assistant political agent of north Wazirastan Asmatullah got kidnapped when he was going from Mir Ali to Bannu to enjoy his Eid vacations. Few days after this two people including Tehsildar Amanullah were killed by unknown maskers in north Wazirastan.	On the 8th of December, 2008, the Assistant Political Agent of North Waziristan was kidnapped when he was going to celebrate the Eid vacation from Meer Ali to Banoo, and a few days later, two people, including District Officer Amanullah were killed by unidentified masked men.	On the eight of December 2008, Northern Wazeerastan's Assistant Political Agent Asmattullah was kidnapped at that time when he was traveling from Meer Ali to Banu on Eid Vacation.	on 8th December 2008 southern Uzbekistan s assistant political agent Azmatullah was also kidnapped at the same time when he was going for festival from meer ali to banu after few days in southern uzhbekistan with tashildaar amaanullah two people were killed by masked people.
Victory of a British hacker in the court.	A Britain hacker's victory in court	British Hacker's win in the court.	British Hacker wins in court
a 42 years old British citizen has admitted that he had hacked an American military website.	A 42 year old England citizen admitted to hacking websites of the American army.	Forty Two years old British citizen had confessed that he had hacked the American Army's website.	42 years British citizen has admitted that he had hacked American Army website.
Gary is a patient of asperger syndrome. it should be kept in mind that an asperger syndrome patient has the obsession to do similar kind of tasks.	Gary is suffering from Asperger syndrome. It must be known that patients suffering from Asperger syndrome have strong inclinations to do one certain thing.	Gerry is patient of Esperanza Syndrome. It is clear that Esperanza Syndrome patient does only one type of work.	Gary is suffering from Asperger syndrome. Keep in mind that the patient of Asperger syndrome has insanity of doing similar tasks.
his lawyers say that if he is handed over to America then he will commit suicide.	His lawyers said that if he is handed over to America, it is possible that he will commit suicide.	His advocates say that if he was submitted to America then they fear that may be he will try to convict suicide.	According to his lawyers, it is feared he may attempt suicide if handed over to America .
however the government officials say that their are very less threat regarding Gary's health.	However, government advocates claim that there are very few threats to Gary's life.	Therefore the government's advocates say that on the basis of Gerry's health condition the possibility is very low.	All government attorneys says that there are very fewer doubts about Gary's health.
Lord justice Morskey and Mr. Justice Simon while announcing the decision said that Gary is permitted to file a review petition in a British court.	Lord Justice Morse and Mister Justice Simon said, while declaring the judgement, that Gary is given permission to ask a second chance from the Court of England.	Lord justice Morris K and Mister justice Simon had declared that Gerry has the permission to apply for the appeal in the British court.	Lord Justice Moors and Mr. Justice Simon has said that Gary is permitted to file an application for reconsideration in the British court.
	Gary's lawyers took the stance in court that if Gary is separated from his home and family members, he would commit suicide.	Gerry's advocates had put this point that if Gerry was taken away from his house and family the he will try to commit suicide.	Gary's lawyers stated in the court that if Garry is kept away from his family and home, he can commit suicide.
He added that the secretary of interior has noticed this issue.	They further said that the Home Secretary did not study the matter.	They also said that on this situation even the Secretarial Department didn't took any interest.	Further they said that Interior Secretary did not consider this issue.
but the government prosecutors say that the secretary of interior had used his authority.	However, the government advocates claimed that the Home Secretary had used his rights.	But the Government's advocates said that the secretarial department has used their options.	But government's attorneys says that Interior Secretary had used his powers.
Gary has never denied hacking of the American military website.	Gary never denied hacking the American army website.	Gerry never denied the hacking of American Military website.	Gary has never denied of hacking American Army website.
in 2001 and 2002, Gary hacked American computer system which caused a loss of eight hundred thousand dollars to the American government.	Gary had hacked the American computer system in 2001 and 2002, because of which the American government suffered a loss of 800,000 Dollars.	Gerry In year 2001, hacked two American system which resulting  in a loss of 0.8 million Dollar to American Government.	Gary hacked American Computer Systems in 2001 and 2002 due to which American Government suffered a loss of 8,00,000 dollars.
Gary hacked 97 computers including that of American Navy and NASA.	Gary hacked 97 computers, including those of the American Navy and NASA.	Gerry has hacked 97 Computers Including American Navy and Nasa.	Gary hacked 97 systems including American Naval and NASA.
However Gary says that he did not do dis with bad intentions but he was just looking for information about aliens which he thought the American government had kept secret.	However, Gary says that he did not hack with any wrong intent, but was searching about extra terrestrial creatures, which he believed that the American government had kept secret.	But Gerry has said that his intentions was not wrong he was only looking for the information related to Alien which he think that American Government has kept secret.	However Gary says that they did not hack with wrong intentions, rather they were looking for the information on aliens which they think were kept secret by American Government.
Gary's mother Janice Sharp has said that she is happy with this decision.	Gary's mother, Jane Sharp said that she is happy with this decision.	Gerry's Father Janes Sharp he is happy with the decision.	Gary's mother Jenes Sharp said that she is happy of the decision.
Gary's lawyer has said that its the right decision.	Gary's lawyer said that this was a correct judgement.	Gerry's Lawyer has said that the verdict is correct.	Gary's lawyer said it's a good decision.
This case has been continued since 2002 and finally a right decision has come up.	This case was running since 2002, and finally a correct judgement was passed.	this case is under proceeding since 2002 and finally the decision came correct	This case is in the court since 2002 and at last a correct decision.
Kashmir: two Hizb Commanders killed.	Two Hizb commander dead.	Kashmir: Two Hizb Commander are killed.	The commander of Kashmir: Two persons were killed
Colonel Acharya, spokesman of the northern command of the Indian Army deployed in Jammu, told BBC: on a reliable information, troops from 24 rashtria rifles and Jammu Kashmir police besieged the place in batihaas jungle in tehsil Gandwa of the Doda district where the armed extremists were hiding.	The spokesperson of the Northern Command of the Indian Army, posted in Jammu, Lieutenant Colonel Acharya told BBC that "24 National Rifles and Jammu police officers surrounded the parts of the Butty House woods in Gandoh province of Dodah district, in which the militants were supposed to be hiding, according to a confirmed report.	Lieutenant Kernel Achari, Indian solider of East Frontier which is posted in Jammu has said in to BBC that 24 Rachtri Rifles and Jammu Kashmir Policeman has covered a area of Gindo Destrict in DoDuk where militant were hiding	The Lieutenant Colonel of Indian army deployed in Jammu told BBC that Jammu and Kashmir police men has recieved information about 24 rashtria jantadal rifles in the authentical district, gandwah Doda district and in the jungle of Haus.
they fired at the army and in retaliation two extremists got killed.	They fired at the army and in the fire back, two armed extremists were killed.	they fired at military and in return fire two militant were killed	He fired on the army and when the army was in action, two armed extremist were killed.
Correspondent say that among the two terrorists killed, one was also Zahoorudding, the district commander of the banned group Hizb-ul-Mujahideen active for the last 12 years in the area, who was a specialists in bomb blasts.	Spokesman said that in the 2 killed extremists is district commander Zahoor-ud-din of prohibited Hizbul Mujahiddins who was active for 12 years in the district and who was expert in gunpowder explosives.	The spokesperson said that among the two killed extremists was the district commander of the 12 year banned organisation, Hizbul Mujahideen, which is active in the region, Zuhoorud Deen Khande, who was an expert at gunpowder blasts.	The spokesman said that the extremists had killed two persons in the 12 years in the district of Hizbul where the Mujahideen has been active from 1960  in this district. The commander is also an expert in landmine blast.
The other with him is identified as Sajjad Hussain, who according to the army , became associated to the extremists since the last year.	His partner has been identified as Sajjad Hussain who according to Army got connected with extremists from last year.	His companion was identified as Sajjad Husain who joint the extremists last year, according to the army.	It is suspected that Sajjad Hussain may be associated with it.
According to Acharia, the operation is still going on in the mentioned area of the jungle because according to them there is a possibility of presence of more extremists there. Army said two Kalashnikov were found during the first step of the operation.	According to Acharia, operation still continues in mentioned jungle areas because according to them there is more possibility that there are more extremists there. Army says that two rifles are recovered in the first phase of the operation.	According to Acharya, operations are still continuing in the mentioned jungle region, as according to him, there is the possibility of more extremists being present there. According to the army, two Kalashnikov rifles were also recovered during the first stage of the operation.	According to the bid, the rural areas are still in an operation according to the extremists. Two Kalashnikov rifles were also recovered by the army in the first phase .
Yesterday, the head of the province police, Kuldeep Kumar Khudda, by announcing the statistics of the year 2008,  has declared this year the most peaceful year until now.	Yesterday Provincial Head of police Kuldeep Kumar Khudda while issuing statistics for the year 2008 established that this year was the most peaceful year so far.	Yesterday, state police chief, Kuldeep Kumar Khudda released the stats for 2008, saying that this was the most peaceful year so far.	The head of the police for the province of Urdu urged yesterday to cooperate to make this year the most peaceful year.
It is worth mentioning that in November and December during 7 stages of assembly elections, no torture was done.	It is worth mentioning that there was no violence in the election of assembly held in seven phases in November and December.	It is worth mentioning that no violence was reported in the seven stage assembly elections that took place in November and December.	It is worth mentioning that there has been no violence in the November and December during the assembly elections.
More than 1350 candidates participated in these elections.	More than 1300 candidates participated in this election.	More than 1350 contestants took part in these elections.	In these elections, there has been more than 100 candidates.
Be clear that Hizb-ul-Mujahideen is active in Jammu Kashmir for the last eight years.	Be it known that Hizbul Mujahiddin is active for the past eighteen years in Jammu-Kashimir.	It should be known that Hizbul Mujahideen is active in Jammu and Kashmir for the last 18 years.	Hizbul Mujahideen has made it clear that there has been no attack in the last 18 years in Jammu and Kashmir.
Hizb-ul-Mujahideen declared one sided cease fire in July 2000 for the first time after which Indian government and Hizb commandos had a talk.	On 12 July 2000, Hizb for the first time announced one sided cease fire after that there was talk between Government Hind(India) and Hizb Commanders.	Hizb called a one sided ceasefire for the first time in July 2000, after which the Indian government and Hizb commanders held dialogs.	The opposition party announced in the year 2000 July for the first time after which, the Government of India and opposition party had talks with commanders.
But the cease fire was over in only 15 days.	Although cease fire ended in just fifteen days.	However, the ceasefire came to an end within 15 days.	However, it was only within 15 days when the ceasefire was finished.
Later many senior commandos of Hizb-ul-Mujahideen were killed in different operations.	Afterwards several elite commanders of Hizb-ul-Mujahddins were killed in different operations.	Since then, many Hizbul Mujahideen commanders were killed in operations.	Later, Hizbul Mujahideen has killed many high commanders.
On Thursday, the renowned daily, 'The News' wrote about the extremist groups operating in Pakistan occupied Kashmir, that Lashkar-e-Taiba and Hizbul Mujahideen have decided to revise their Kashmir policy.	on Thursday, the Pakistan's famous daily The News has said regarding the extremist groups existing in the Pakistani administered Kashmir, that Lashkare Taiba and Hizbul Mujahidin have decided to review the Kashmir policy.	On Thursday in the reputed daily newspaper of Pakistan "The News", it was written about the residing terrorist groups in Pakistani Kashmir that Lashker-e-Tayyaba and Hizb-ul-Mujahideen has made the decision about considering the Kashmir policy.	It was written in the famous newspaper 'Daily News' of Pakistan on Thursday, about the Pakistan extremists living in Kashmir and the groups of Hizbul Mujahideen Lashkar-e-Tayaba.
It should be clear that the policy of both groups until now, has been that the Kashmir issue could be resolved through armed resistance.	it should be clear that both the organizations had a policy that the Kashmir dispute should be resolved through an armed resistance.	Be clear that the policy of both groups until now was that Kashmir problem can be solved with the armed opposition.	It should be kept in mind that now with the policy of two organizations the Kashmir issue can be resolved through the armed resistance.
Bugthi hill: Gas Pipeline Blown up	Dera Bugti: blast over the gas pipeline	Dera Bugti: Blast on the gas pipe line.	Dera Bugti: Explosion on gas pipe line
According to police officials, the Eighteen inch diameter pipelines running from Loti Gasfields to Peer Mountain were blown up in a blast.	Police officials say that the 18 inches diameter pipeline going from Lui gas field to peer koh was blasted.	According to the police officials, 18 inch Qatar pipe line going from Loti gas field was destroyed in a bomb blast on Monday.	According to police officials 18 inches diameter pipeline of Loti Gas Field to Pir Koh has been destroyed by explosion.
This pipeline was going towards Soui Plant.	this pipeline goes towards the Sui plant.	This pipe line goes towards the Sui plant.	This pipeline is directed towards Sui Plant.
In this meantime, a man named Sarbaz Baloch, claiming to be the spokesperson of banned organisation, Baloch Republican Army, took responsibility for the attack over the phone.	meanwhile, Sarbaz Baloch, presenting himself as a representative of the banned Baloch republican army has accepted the responsibility of the blast on behalf of his organization over the telephone.	A man named Sarbaz Baloch representing himself as a represtor of his invalidate party "Baloch republican army" has accepted the responsibility for this attack on the telephone on behalf of his party.	Moreover pretending himself as the interpreter of banned organization Baloch Republican Army has accepted the responsibility of the explosion on behalf of his organization on phone.
This is the fourth gas pipeline being blown up in 4 days.	fourth pipeline has been blasted in four days.	In four days, fourth gas pipe line was destroyed in a bomb blast.	4th pipeline was exploded in four days.
On Friday, In Allah Yar hill, an eighteen inch diameter pipeline was destroyed to fix which work was going on till Sunday morning.	on Friday an 18 inches diameter pipeline was blasted in Dera Allahyar whose repair work was continued till Sunday morning.	On Friday, in Dera Allah Yar, an 18 inch Qatar pipe line was destroyed whose maintenance was continued until Sunday morning.	An 18 inch diameter pipeline was destroyed in Dera Allah Yar on Friday whose mending was continued till Sunday morning.
In Quetta, the Soui Sidran Gas Company's General Manager Mushtaq Siddiqi said that this gas was sent through this pipeline after the afternoon.	General Manager of Sui Southern Gas in Quetta, Mushtaq Siddiqui has told that supply from this pipeline will resume in the afternoon.	The general manager Mushtaq Siddiqui of the Sui Southern Gas company in Quetta said that gas supply through this pipeline would begin after noon.	General Manager of Sui Southern Gas Company Mushtaq Siddiqui told in Quetta that this supply line will be restarted after noon.
This pipeline comes to Quetta via Sabi.	this pipeline reached Quetta through Sibbi.	This pipeline comes to Quetta through Sibbi.	This pipeline arrives in Quetta via Sibbi.
Quetta: Zyarat and other surrounding areas have extreme shortage of natural gas for three days. Where on one side, the snowfall continues and the temperature has dropped below freezing, the other side  is where the stoves and heaters are gone cold.	there is a severe shortage of gas in Quetta, Ziarat and other surrounding areas for the past three days, where on one hand snowfall is continuing and temperature has fallen below the freezing point and on the other hand heaters and stoves are out of gas.	In Quetta, Ziyarath and other far off regions, there is an acute shortage of gas for the last three days. On one hand, it is continuously snowing and the temperature has fallen below freezing point and on the other hand, the heaters and stoves have gone cold.	There is intense scarcity of gas since 3 days in Quetta, Ziarat and suburb areas where on one one hand snowfall is continued and temperature has dropped below freezing point and on the other hand heater and stoves are not working.
Besides this, there was a bomb blast in a motor cycle in Mal Mandi in the city of Dera Bugti. But according to the police, there was no fatal damage due to this blast.	moreover in Dera Bugti city, there was a motorcycle blast on the mall road but police told that there was no loss of lives in this blast.	Apart from this, in Derahbagti town, there was a motorcycle blast in the market, but according to the police, there was no loss of life in the blast.	Further in the city of Dera Bugti a motorbike exploded in animal market but according to police no casualties.
Administrator for Jamat-ud-Dawa	Adminstrator for Jamaat Al-Dawa.	Administrator for Jamaa'athud Da'wah	Administrator for Jamat-al-qaeda
The headquarter of Jamat-ud-Dawa, Tayyaba Center, is almost 25km away from Lahore near Mureedkay.	The central headquarter of Jamaat Al dawa is in Muridkay almost 25 Kilometers away from Lahore.	The central headquarters of Jamaa'athud Da'wah is in Taibah, about 25  kilometers from Karachi.	The head quaters of Jamat-al-qaeda is located 25 kilometers away from Central Tayiba LAHORE at  Maridka
This center has hospital, school and also hostel for students.	the center includes hospital, schools and student hostels.	This center includes a hospital, a school and a hostel for students.	This central has hospitals, schools and hostels for students
Law minister Punjab, Rana Sanaullah Khan says that assignment of a superintendent in the Jamat-ud-Dawa center came in to being so that the work of the welfare organizations present there is not disturbed.	Law minister for Punjab, Rana Sanaullah has said that the posting of administrator in Jammat al Dawa center is to make sure that the social work being done over there is not affected.	The law minister of Punjab, Rana Sanaullah Khan says that supervisors were appointed in the center of Jamaa'athud Da'wah, so that the work of social institutes there goes on unaffected.	Rana sana-ullah khan the minister of law of Punjab said that the jamat-al-qaeda is underthe supervision for the placement because the present welfare work going on wil not get disturbed
According to Khalid Waleed, the son in law of Chief of Jamat-ud-Dawa Hafiz Saeed,  a qualified government official Khaqan Babar is appointed as an administrator to monitor the hospital, schools and other welfare organizations located in the center. Although according to them, there has also been an increase in the police staff.	the leader of Jamaat al Dawa Hafiz Saeed's son in law Khalid Waheed has told that for the supervision of the hospitals, schools and other welfare organizations a high government official has been appointed and according to him the number of police troops have also been increased.	According to Khalid Waleed, son in law of the Jamaa'athud Da'wah chief, Hafiz Saeed, a high ranking government officer, Khaqan Babar, was appointed for the supervision of the hospital, school and other social institutes, based in the center, as the administrator, while according to him, the posting of police at the center was also increased.	As per the head of jamat-al-qaeda Hafeez sayeed's son -in-law Khaled Waleed, hospital schools and welfare association is supervised by a government officer of law Babar, who has been declared an administrator, when even central have increased police open courts
Security Council of the United Nations has placed restrictions on Jamat-ud-Dawa after which, Pakistan's federal government did operation against Jamat-ud-Dawa in the entire country. And house arrested many leaders including Ameer Hafiz Saeed. Assignment of an administrator in the Tayyaba Center from the government of Punjab was also part of the series of actions by the federal government against Jamat-ud-Dawa.	the Security counsel of the United Nations have imposed sanctions on Jamaat al Dawa after which the Federal government of Pakistan have stared an operation across the country against Jamaat al Dawa and have put leaders including  the leader of the Jamaat Hafiz Saeed in House-Arrest.	The Security Council has passed a ban on Jamaa'athud Da'wah, after which the Pakistani government has started taking action against Jamaa'athud Da'wah across the country, and has put the chief of the Jamaa'ath, Hafiz Saeed along with other leaders under house arrest. The appointment of the administrator in the Taibah center by the Punjab government was also a part of the action being taken against Jamaa'athud Da'wah by the joint government.	For the safety of world alliance race, jamat-al-qaeda has been put sanctions and after that Pakistan's federalize government has promised the whole country that actions against jamat-al-qaeda have been taken. Jamat's Hafeez sayeed's sameet, and his various followers were put into house arrest. By the government of punjab, its in possible to declare an administrator in the Markazey-tuaiba and as per federalize government those who can go against jamat-al-qaeda proceeding to continue
Khaqan Babar is related to DMG ( District Management Group).	Khaqan Babar belongs to the DMG or District Management Group.	Khaqan Babar belongs to the DMG, i.e. District Management Group.	The law of Babar belongs to DMG that is Destarcut management group
Hafiz Khalid Waleed has informed that Lahore division commissioner Khusro Parvez Khan came to the Tayyaba Center on Sunday with the police and civil authority and inspected several parts of the center. Khalid Waleed has disapproved of placement of an Administrator from the government in the Jamat-ud-Dawa Center. And said that earlier operations of the government has already decreased the number of patients in the hospital and students in the school.	Hafiz Khalid Waheed has told that on Sunday the Commissioner of Lahore Khusro Pervez Khan along with police and civil administration came to the Taiba Center and inspected its different parts. Khalid Waheed has disapproved the appointment of the administrator in the center of Jamaat al Dawa and said that due to the actions of the government, the number of patients in the hospitals and children in the schools of the center have already decreased.	Hafiz Khalid Waleed said that the Commissioner of Lahore division, Khusroe Pervez Khan along with police and the civil government came on Sunday and inspected the Taibah center. Khalid Waleed spoke ill about the appointment of an administrator, by the government in Jamaa'athud Da'wah, and he said that the number of patients in the hospital and children in the school had already dropped due to government actions.	Hafeez khalid said that the commissioner of lahore D.vizon khusroo parvez khan came to Markaz-e- tauiba with the police and civil admistration and inspected the Markaz.The governement has promised the central of jamat-al qaeda's  khalid walid has suggested to give self condemnation by the government and said that because of the government rules they have loss there many of the patients from there hospitals and they loss many of there students from ther schools....
According to a press release by Jama'athu Da'wah, here, the Jama'ath chief, Hafiz Saeed is said to have written a letter to the United Nations General Secretary, Ban Ki Moon, and the Committee on Taliban, appealing to remove the ban on Jama'athud Da'wah, passed by the Security Council.	Here, according to one press release of the council party, the council's prince Hafiz Saeed has written a letter to to the United Nations General Secretary Ban Ki Mon and to members of the committee he asked to end the regularity made on the council by the peace convention.	Here according to a press release by Jamat-ud-Dawa, party's chief Hafiz Saeed has written a letter for the General Secretary of United Nations, Ban Ki Mon, and Committee for Taliban, in a reques is made to cancel the restrictions on the party made by the Security Council.	As  per the jamat alqaeda ,according to one of press release that the head of the jamat hafez saeed has written a letter to the seceratory general of Aqwam-me-mutahda Ban-ki-mon and the commitee of taliban  in that he had appealed to remove the sanctions by the safety counsil
In the letter, he mentioned that the passing of the ban by the Security Council on Jama'athud Da'wah, was a one-sided and unjust decision, and that Jama'athud Da'wah has no connection with terrorism, and rather is busy in social work.	In the letter it has said that the one sided decision of the peace convention on making the regularity on the council party was not fare and there is no connection of the council party with the terrorism hence they are busy in peace making work.	It says in the letter that the one sided decision of the Security Council on banning Jamat-ud-Dawa is unfair. And Jamat-ud-Dawa has no relation with terrorism but it is busy in the activities of charity.	In that letter he told that the decision taken by the safety counsil is one sided decision and which is unfair and jamat al qaeda has no links with the terrorism  but they are involved with their charitable cause.
Aidhi's Gaza humanitarian mission	On the Edhi Ghaza's relief mission	Edhi on the aid mission of Gaza.	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 313
After passing many stages involved in getting the permissions required for entering Gaza, he has been successful in reaching Egypt from New York.	To enter in Ghaza after going through many procedures on getting the permission they finally reached Egypt starting from New York.	After going through many steps of receiving permission required to enter Gaza, he has only been successful in reaching Egypt from New york.	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 314
Speaking to BBC Urdu service from Cairo, he said that he was not able to reach Gaza yet, as Egypt and Israel have placed many barriers.	From Cairo talking to the BBC's Urdu Service they had said that till now they haven't reached Ghaza because Egypt and Israel had created many hurdles.	He said while talking to BBC Urdu service from Qahira that he has still not reached Gaza because Egypt and Israel has created many obstacles.	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 315
He said "It has been eight days since I got here, and I have still not got the permission to enter Gaza."	He said that he had been here from eight days and till now didn't get the permission to go to Ghaza.	He said that it has been 8 days since I am here but I still have not received the permission to enter Gaza.	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 316
"I am now in Cairo, and hopefully I will be permitted to reach Gaza tomorrow".	I am still in Cairo and hope that tomorrow I will get the permission to go to Ghaza.	"I am currently in Qahira and hopefully will get permission to go to Gaza	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 317
Giving details, he said: "At first, I was given a seven day visa to enter Gaza, and later on, upon insisting, the Pakistani officials helped me out and increased it to a one month visa, but on the condition that I would go only once, i.e. it would be a single entry visa.	He showing the details said:'in the beginning I was given only seven days visa to enter Ghaza and after wards on my request the governors of Pakistan had helped me and extended it to one month but on one condition that I will go to Ghaza only once that is single entry.	He told explaining that: "First I was given only 7 days visa to go to Gaza and later on my insisting, Pakistani officials helped me and had it extended for one month but on this condition that I will go to Gaza only once that is single entry.	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 318
He said that he had brought his son and daughters with him, and that they wanted to do some social work.	He said that with him are his son and daughters and they want to do the relief work in Ghaza.	He said that he has his son and daughters with him and they want to do charity work in Gaza.	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 319
"I have brought some money".	I have come with some money.	I have brought some money.	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 320
A one million dollar check has been given to Red cross of Egypt and ten thousand dollar cash is also given in order to send aid to Gaza.	Red Cross Egypt has been given a cheque of 100,000 dollar and 10,000 dollar in cash so it can send aid materials to Gaza	$100,000 Cheque has been given to Egypt Red-cross and $10,000 cash Amount is also donated to for Aid supply to Ghaza.	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 321
four more ministers in the cabinet, total of sixty three	four new ministers added to the cabinet, totaling 63.	four more minister the cabinet raised to 64 Ministers.	Four new members have been added into the cabinet yesterday.
four new federal ministers include two from Mutahida Qaumi Movement and Two from Jamiat Ulamae Islam Fazalur Rehman Group.	In four newly apponited federal ministers, two represent Mutahida Qaumi Movement(MQM) and two from Jamiaiat-e-Uliyma Islam Fazal-ur-Rehman group.	Among Four New Federal Minister, 2 Member are from Mutihida Qaumi Moment and 2 are from Jamiat Ulmai Islam.	Among the new members included in the cabinet are, two from the Hard Community Moment and the other two are from the Jamiat-ulamaye-Islam (fazlur-Rahman) group.
president Asif Ali Zardari took oath from the new ministers.	President Asif Ali Zardari took the oath from the new ministers.	New Ministers took Oath from President Asif Ali Zardari.	Asif Ali Zardari had taken oaths from the new ministers.
in the oath taking ceremony, the Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani and members of cabinet were also present.	In oath taking ceremony the Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani, members of federal cabinet were present.	During the Oath Ceremony Prime Minister Yuosaf Raza Gillani and Federal Cabinet Members were also present.	There present in the oath ceremony were Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani and other members of the cabinet.
after the inclusion of four new ministers to the federal cabinet, the number of Federal ministers, ministers for state and advisors has reached a total of sixty three.	With the addition of four new minister to the cabinet, the number of federal minister, prime minister and advisers have totaled to 63	With Four New Federal Minister the total strength of Cabinet with Ministers, Federal Ministers and Advisors reached to 63.	After the appointment of four new ministers in the cabinet, new ministers and other new members, the size of the cabinet have increased in number.
two minister from MQM include Farooq Sattar and Babar Ghouri whereas ministers from Jamiat Ulamae Islam Fazalur Rehman Group include Azam Swati and Molana Ataur Rehman.	MQM's representative ministers are Farooq Sattar and Babar Ghori, where as Jamiaiat-e-Uliyma Islam Fazal-ur-Rehman group is represented by ministers namely Azam Suwati and Molana Ata-ur-Rehman .	Farooq Sattar and babar Ghuari are two minister from MQM while Azam Swati and Mulana Atta ur Rehman are from Jamiat e Ulami Islam.	Two Ministers from M.Q.M goup- Farooq Sattar and Babar Ghori were Present.Besides them there were Azam Sawati and Ata-ur-Rahman of Jamiat-ulamaye-islam Fazlur-Rahman group, also present in the ceremony.
the departments of these ministers have not been announced yet.	Till now the ministries have'nt been finalized for these ministers.	The department of Ministries are not announced till now.	The Selection announcement of the Tahal N  has not been done yet.
Farooq sattar is the convener of MQM whereas Babar Ghouri is a senator from MQM whose term wil expire on tenth March.	Farooq Sattar is the convener of MQM where as Babar Ghori is a senator and his term ends on March 10th	Faroo Sattar is Convener and Babar Ghauri is Senator from MQM whose term is ending on 10th of March.	Farooq Sattar is the Convenor of the Group M.Q.M Whereas Babar Ghori is Senator of that group and their tenure is going to end on 10th March .
Azam Swati was elected as a free senator and is considered to be one of the richest senators.	Azam Suwati is an independent candidate and was elected a senator and is one of the richest senator.	Azam Swati is Selected as Independent Senator and he is considered to be richest Senator.	Azam Sawati had been appointed as a private senator and was included among rich and famous senators.
Moulana Ataur Rahman is a member of the National Assembly and is Moulana Fazlur Rahman's younger brother.	Moulana Ata-ur-Rahman is a member of National Assembly and also Moulana Fazal-ur-Rahman's younger brother.	Member of national Molana Ata-ur-Rehman is the younger brother of Molana Fazal-ur-Rehman	Maulana Ata-ur-Rahman is a member of communal Assembly and is also a younger brother of Fazlur-Rahman.
It should be remembered that four important officeholders are not members of the National Assembly.	Remember that, four statesmen holding posts in important ministries are not the members of the national assembly.	It should be noted that four important advisors are not members of national assembly.	It should be well-remembered that in these agreements four members of the main mushiran communal assembly were not present.
It should be clear that on 3rd December, 2008 28 new ministers and 18 ministers of state were taken into the cabinet. At that time it was believed that members of the MQM would also be included in the cabinet, but due to a difference in the distribution of ministries, MQM was not included.	Note that the cabinet was expanded on 3rd November, 2008 with 22 new ministers and 18 national ministries. So, at that time it was thought that the members of MQM would also be included but due to disagreements on the distribution of the ministries, MQM stayed away.	It should be noted that when on November 3rd 2008 22 new ministers and 18 state ministers were added in the cabinet it was thought that MQM would be added in the cabinet however due to disagreement over division of ministries MQA was not included.	As it is a history that on 3rd-nov-2008, 22 new ministers and 18 other new members were included in the cabinet. so there were plans to include members from  M.Q.M group as well. But due to the Chances of misconceptions M.Q.M group members were not included.
Balochistan pipe line blown up.	Bolochistan, Blasted Pipeline	Baluchistan, pipe line was destroyed.	Baluchistan, pipeline has been exploded
According to the police, this was an eighteen inch wide pipe line that goes to the various wells in the gas plant of Peer mountain, and it was blown up by unidentified individuals in the morning.	According to police, this is a 18 inch diameter pipeline which  connects different wells of Parekoh and meets Suyi gas pipeline. This was blasted my some unidentified men in early morning.	According to Police, 18 inch diameter pipe line that goes to different wells in Pee Koh was destroyed in the morning by unidentified people.	According to police it is an 18 inches of diameter pipeline which runs to Sui Gas Plant from various wells of Pir Koh and it was exploded by some unknown armed persons early in the morning.
Apart from this, yesterday, well number three was destroyed in a blast and a gas pipe line was harmed by a blast near Allah Yaar hill.	Apart from this, yesterday, well number 3 near Suyi had been totally destroyed by a blast and also a gas pipeline near Dera-allayar was also damaged due to a blast.	A part from this yesterday well number 3 in Sui was completely destroyed and a gas pipe line was damaged near Dera Illa Yar.	Moreover yesterday well number 3 was completely destroyed by explosives and a pipeline was damaged in explosion near Dera Allah Yar.
The responsibility for these blasts were claimed by the spokesperson for the banned organization, Baloch Republican Army, Sarbaz Baloch.	Militant organization Baloch republican army's spokeperson, Saryaz Baluch accepted the responsibility of these blast on the behalf of his organization.	Sirbaz Khan who is the representative of Disbanded organization Baloch Republican Army has claimed the responsibility of the attacks.	The responsibility has been accepted by Sarbaz Baluch on behalf of his organization an interpreter of  banned organization of Baluch Liberation Army.
From the beginning of the year 2009, there was an increase in the number of extremist incidents.	As the year 2009 started, the was increase in violent incidents in Baluchistan.	Violent incidents has increased in Balochistan since the start of year 2009.	Incidents of terrorism have increased in the beginning of 2009.
In this month, there were dozens of incidents of gas pipes being blown up, and there were also an increase in attacks on trains and people from the state of Punjab.	This month, till now, several gas pipelines have been blasted.  Also, Attacks on trains and on people belonging to the Punjab region have also increased.	This month dozens of gas pipe lines have been destroyed and the attacks have increased on trains and people from Punjab.	In this months dozens of pipelines have been exploded whereas attacks on trains and Punjabis have multiplied.
Though the Chief Minister of Balochistan, Nawab Aslam Raeesani, expressed distress over these incidents, and the police were instructed to share information with intelligence agencies, but it was still not possible to stop these incidents.	Though the Prime Minister of Baluchistan, Nawab Aslam Rayisani, has expressed concern over such activities and ordered the police to exchange information from intelligence agencies, but,stopping such incidents has not been possible yet.	Although Chief Minister Balochistan Nawab Aslam Raeesaani has expressed his concerns and ordered Police to exchange information with the secret agencies however it has been impossible to stop these incidents	Chief Minister Baluchistan Nawab Aslam Raeesani has though shown anxiety on these incidents and ordered police to share information with secret agencies but yet these incidents couldn't be stopped.
The 819 trillion Dollar economic reform package was accepted	Approval of package of 819 billion dollars for economic revival.	819 billion dollar economic package approved.	819 billion dollars package approved for economic reinstatement
No member who was part of any Republican party voted for this plan of President Obama.	No member related to the Republican party did not vote in favor of this plan of President Obama.	No republican member voted in support of President Obama's  Plan.	No member of Republican Party has voted for this plan of President Obama.
It was the saying of the Republican parties, that this economic plan was very expensive and that it would not be successful.	Members of the republican party said that the economic plan is very expensive and will not prove effective.	According to Republicans, this economic package would not prove a failure	According to Republican members this plan is too 'expensive' and will not be effective.
Among the representatives of the houses, 240 votes were given in favor of the plan, while 188 votes were given against it.	240 votes were drawn in favor of this package in the members assembly where as 160 were drawn against it.	In the House, this economic package is passed on a 244 to 188 vote	In the House this package 244 votes were casted in favor and 188 against.
This economic reform plan has to be produced in the Senate next week, where the ruling Democratic party has a very normal majority.	This plan of economic revival will be presented next week in the Senate where the ruling Democratic party has very little majority.	This package will be presented in the senate during next week. In the senate, the democrats are in a slight majority.	The plan of economic reinstatement will be presented in Senate next week where ruling Democratic party has little majority.
It is being feared that due to opposition from the republican party, it's passing in the senate may not be easy.	Danger is being expressed that great opposition from the republican party may not make it easy for Senate approval.	Because of the strong criticism from republics, approval of this package would not be easy	It is feared that due to the strong opposition from Republican party approval from Senate will not be easy.
After the passing of the economic reform plan among the representatives of the houses, Barack Obama said to the members, forcing them, that they should not let political differences get in the way of this important plan.	After the approval of economic revival plan from the members assembly, Barrack Obama insisted on the members that this important plan should not come between the political disagreement.	Obama has asked the parliamentarians to support this economic package by putting aside their political associations.	After the approval of economic reinstatement plan from the House Barak Obama insisted the members not to hinder political opposition to this important plan.
The President said that plan, which he hoped would become law by next month would prove helpful in creating a suitable environment in the country, because of which business would prosper in the country.	President said that this plan, for which he was hopeful that it will act as the law by next month, will prove to make a peaceful atmosphere in the country. Due to which trade will enhance in America.	President is very optimistic about his Economic plan which is going to become a law next month. President hopes this economic plan will be useful for American economy and trade.	President said this plan which he is hopeful of becoming a law till next month will help in establishing a favorable atmosphere in which American trade will get better.
According to this plan, the common man and the businessmen would be relieved of 275 trillion Dollars of debt, and 540 trillion Dollars would be given for fixing roads, bridges and ten thousand schools and for unemployment allowance and research on new technology.	According to this plan, common people and business men will be relieved of loan from 275 billion dollars and 540 billion dollars will be given for roads, bridges, 10,000 schools, unemployment allowance and research for new technology.	According to this economic plan, a handsome amount has been dedicated to general public and business community. 540 billion dollar will be spent on communication, education and modern technology.	According to this plan common people and traders will have relief of 75 billion dollars debt and 500 billion will be allocated for renovation of roads, bridges, 10,000 schools, unemployment allowance and for research of new technology.
The editor of BBC in Washington, Richard Lister said that Barack Obama had decided to put political differences behind his back and prepare a new political culture, but this economic package has once again created bitterness on political lines.	BBC writer Richard Luster has said in Washington that Barrack Obama intended to introduce a new political culture by putting back the political disagreements but discussion this Economic Package has once again made political pillars sore.	According Richard Listern, A BBC correspondent in Washington, obama came in power with the motto to introduce new political culture but current debate on economic package has increased the political bitterness.	Washington's correspondent of BBC has said that Barak Obama had resolved to introduce a new political culture by ignoring the political differences but discussion on this economic package has produce bitterness in the politics.
In National Assembly member of Republican Party has rejected the bill by the government and declare it as a wastage of money and no employment Opportunity can be created through this.	Republican party members in the assembly declared the bill proposed from the government, a waste of government money. And said that this will not help in creating new vacancies.	The Republican party members, among the representatives of the senate, called the proposed bill a waste of government money, and they said that it will not help in creating new employment opportunities.	In the House The members of Republican party declared government's proposed bill as wastage of government finances and said that it will not be helpful in creating new opportunities for employment.
he Focuses on the Bill from his party in which tax cut has been advise much.	They insisted on the bill proposed by their party in which attention has been given to relaxation in taxes.	They stressed upon the bill passed by their party, in which more importance was given to tax cuts.	They insisted on the bill proposed by their party in which rebate on taxes is focused more.
he said that through his package with less investment can produce many employment opportunities.	They said that through their package, less investment can create more chances of livelihood.	They said that more employment opportunities could be formed with less capital through their bill.	They said by their package very less investment will be able to generate more employment opportunities.
he said that with respect to Development projects, Tax cut can create many employment Opportunity.	They said that instead of construction plans, relaxation in taxes can create more number of vacancies instantly.	They said that compared to constructive plans, more employment opportunities could be formed through tax cuts.	They said that in place of construction plans, rebate in taxes can produce instant and more employment opportunities.
Israel President and Turk Prime Minister has bitterness in between	Bitterness among Israeli president and Turkish Prime Minister	Bitterness between Israeli President and Turkish Prime Minister	President of Israel has summarize the prime minister of turkey.
Rajab Tayb Urdan almost shoutedly has said to Israeli President that many blood has been spoil in Gaza and he felt ashamed that people were clapping on such military coup on Gaza	Rajab Tayyab Erdogan almost shouted at Israeli President and said that many people's blood have been shed in Gaza. And he  felt sorrow watching that people can actually clap on the reason of this military action from Israel.	Recep Tayyip Erdogan told the Israeli president, almost screaming, that the blood of many humans were spilled in Gaza, and it saddened him to see that people could watch this armed killing from Israel and clap in agreement.	Rajab argan almost shouted at Israeli president in the Gaza Strip, and said that blood of Muslims have been shed in gaza and after seeing this they felt sorry and on behalf of the people of the Israeli army on the justification of suicide with clapping also rang.
Mr. Urdan has said that I feel that you are using such words in order to hide your guilt but you have killed those children and i am mourning the death of those, killed at sea side.	Mr. Erdogan said that "I think you are using such words to erase your guilt and that in a high voice. But you killed people and I am remembering those children who were killed near the shore"	Mr. Erdogan said that "I believe that you are using such words to erase your guilty feeling, and outloud, that too. But you killed those people, and I am remembering those children who were killed near the shore."	Mr. argan said: ""I feel that 'the guilt you may be resolved to such words for a higher and they voice to the people, but you were killed in the children and I am to remember the beach near the killing.
Shamon Perez has said that Gaza's Incident was not due to Israel it was Hamas who has created a dangerous dictatorship	Shamoon Parez said that Gaza's pain is not Israel, It is Hammas who has founded dangerous dictatorship there.	Simon said that Gaza's calamity is not Israel, but Hamas, who have established a dangerous dictatorship over there.	Shaimoon papers said that Israel is not the tragedy Gaza HAMAS, which has been set up there dangerous dictator.
Davis CA crosspondent of BBC has said that world economic forum has never seen such incident before	A correspondent of BBC from Davis says that nothing like this has been seen before in an international economic forum.	A BBC journalist from Davos said that he had never seen such a scene in an global economic forum before.	Davies BBC correspondent says in the World Economic Forum in the first ever see the scene.
Afterwards Urdan said that he respect Israeli President and his age because of which he shouted on him but all that he was saying was far from the truth.	Although later Erdogan said that he respects the Israeli president and also his age due to which he did not shout at him but what he was saying was miles away from truth.	However, Erdogan later stated that he respected the Israeli president and his age, which is why he did not scream at him, but whatever he was saying was very far from the truth	However, the erdgan made after the president said that he israel respect, and also the of which they will yell, on his saying they were far away from truth
Turkey is one of few Muslim countries which has diplomatic ties with Israel but for there is an acrimony in the relations of both the countries for last few years.	Turkey is one of the few Islamic countries which have diplomatic relations with Israel, but for the last few years there has been tension between them.	Turkey is one of the few Muslim countries which has diplomatic relationship with Israel. But displeasure has been materializing between the two recently.	Turkey allowing them to Muslim countries, is in the diplomatic relations with Israel, but the last few years, tension is found
Attacks were planned in Pakistan	The attacks were not planned in Pakistan.	'The attack was not planned by Pakistan'	""Attacks were not planned in Pakistan""
Wajid Shams UL Hassan tells the NDTV that Pakistan will soon published the investigative report on Mumbai Attacks.	Speaking to Indian news channel, NDTV, Wajid Shamsul Hasan, said that the report of the Pakistani investigations into the Mumbai blast will be prepared soon.	When talking to ND TV, an Indian channel, Wajid Shamsul Hassan stated that the Pakistani investigation report on Mumbai attack would be executed.	Wajid Shams ul Hassan while talking to Indian channel 'NDTV' said that the Pakistani investigations report about Mumbai attacks will be released soon.
Last year, 170 people lost their life in Mumbai Attacks.	In the attacks that took place in Mumbai, last Novemeber, more than 170 persons were killed.	in the attack occurred in Mumbai last November, more than 120 people were killed.	More than 170 people were killed in last November's Mumbai attacks.
Now India is helding the Lashkar-i-Taiba, an extremist outfit, responsible for Mumbai attacks	India claims that the responsibility for the attacks belongs to the extremist group, Lashkar-e-Taiba.	India accused that  the extremist outfit Lashkar e Twaiba was behind the attack.	According to India extremist organization Lashkre Taiba is responsible for the attacks.
India also claimed that not state actors of Pakistan also have role in Mumbai attacks.	India also said that Pakistani 'state factors' were guilty in the Mumbai attacks.	India also said that the 'political factors' in Pakistan also influenced the incident.	India also said that 'state elements' of Pakistan were involved in Mumbai attacks.
Pak-India relationships are badly hurt by Mumbai attacks.	After the Mumbai attacks, the relations between the two countries were affected.	The Mumbai attack has badly affected the relationship between the two countries.	The mutual relations of the two countries are affected.
High Commissioner Wajid Shams Ul Hassan gave a statement in press that gives a clue what investigative report may contain.	The high commissioner Wajid Shamsul Hasan gave his first statement about the report of the Pakistani investigations, from which it becomes evident as to what is within the report.	When talking about the Pakistan investigation report on the incident, the high commissioner Wajid Shamsul Hassan has given out a hint about whereabouts of the report.	High Commissioner Wajid Shams ul Hassan delivered his first statement about Pakistani investigations which shows, what could be in the investigations report.
Wajid Shams-ul-Hasan that investigative report denied that Pakistani soil has been used.	Wajid Shamsul Hasan said that as far as investigation has gone, Pakistani land has not been used.	Wajid Shamsul Hassan said that in the light of investigation made so far, it is understood that Pak land had not been used for organizing the attack.	Wajid Shams ul Hassan said: As for as the result of investigators, Pakistani soil was not used.
That can be any other country but not the Great Britain.	It must be some other place, not England either.	It might have been some other land; definitely, not Britain too.	It can be any other place, not also England.
this two places( Pakistan and Britain )was which i have conscious about.	These were the two places (Pakistan and Britain), about which I was in doubt.	these are the two places (Pakistan and Britain) about which I was worried.	I was worried about these two places(Pakistan and England).
Indian and international world put too pressure on Pakistan to take action against responsible for Mumbai attacks Pakistan said that it take action against many people who are possibly behind Mumbai attacks and dozens of people arrested.	India and the global brotherhood has put considerable pressure on Pakistan, to take action against the perpetrators of the Mumbai attacks. Pakistan says that it has arrested dozens of people during the action against groups which were clearly involved in the Mumbai attacks.	India and the international community has created a lot of pressure on Pakistan to take actions against the culprits of the Mumbai attacks.	India and International community has pressurized Pakistan to take action against the responsible s of Mumbai attacks. Pakistan says that she has arrested dozens of workers of the groups who are supposed to be involved in Mumbai attacks
Wajid Sahms Ul Hassan Said that: we our not try to hide this.	Wahid Shamsul Hasan said: We are not trying to cover this up.	Wajid Shamsul Haq said: we are not trying to cover it up.	Wajid Shams ul Hassan said: We are not trying to hide it.
we believe to act on reality.	We believe in acting upon facts.	we believe in taking action based on facts.	We believe in taking actions on facts.
our investigation will accept by world.	Our investigations will be accepted by the world.	the world will accept our investigations.	Our investigations will be acceptable for the world.
we (through investigation) try to make satisfy India by evidence.	We will try to satisfy India with the results (of the investigation).	we will try to satisfy India over the results (of the investigation)	We will try to satisfy India through the results(investigation's).
he defend delaying of Pakistani investigation said that this type of clues take a time to gathered understand and investigate.	Defending the delay in the Pakistani investigations, he said that to gather, understand and verify such matter takes time.	while defending the delay in the investigation is Pakistan he said that it takes time to collect, understand and check these kind of stuffs.	While defending the delay in the Pakistani investigations he said that the collection, understanding and verification of such a materiel takes time.
commissioner Wajid shams Ul Hassan said there that India take 45 days to show his Dozier.	High Commissioner Wajid Shamsul Hasan said that India took 45 days to hand over its dossier.	The High Commissioner Wajid Shamsul Haq said that it took 45 days for India to present its dossier.	High Commissioner Wajid Shams ul Hassan said it took India 5 days to present her dossier.
Republican leader also elected Red Indian.	Black person chosen as Republican leader as well.	A black man elected as the republican leader too.	Republican has also selected black man as their leader.
in six stage of election in republican party Mikel settle have won he get 91 votes out of 168	In the sixth round of elections of the Republican party, Michael Steele,who got 91 votes out of 168, won.	in the sixth round of elections in the Republican party, Michael steel has won who received 91 votes out of 168.	In the sixth time of elections in The Republican party,Michael Steal has won by taking 151 votes out of  168 votes.
During the  election for the position of chairman of the party, Katen Dawsen, candidate opposite to Steel, was given 70 votes. Whereas, former chairman Dunken abdicated from the competition in the second round.	for the election in party, the right candidate caton dousin has got 70 votes but the comptator jerman duncon is on second position running very close to him.	In the selection for the post of Chairman, the candidate opposing Steele, Katon Dawson got 77 votes, whereas the ex-Chairman Duncan withdrew from the competition in the second stage.	In the elections for the post of Chairman in the party ,Katen Dawsen ,the candidate against Steal,has got 77 votes and the former chairman Duncan has quit at the second stage of competition.
People say that from the five candidates who stood for the position of the chairmanship of the republican party, Michael Steel was considered the most conservative among them.	micheal steel is number one candidate for the election of chairmain in reblican bari and he is on top among the other five candidate.	Newspaper writers say that among the five candidates who stood for the chairmanship of the Republican Party, Michael Steele was considered the most moderate leader.	The reporters said that  among 5 these candidates,who were standing for the Chairman of the Republican Party leadership,  in their Michael steal is accepted the moderate leader.
After his win, Michael Steel said in his speech "We are saying to our friends and enemies together, that come with us but those who will cause problems in this, be prepared to separate from us." Michael Steel is from Maryland where he has also been the Deputy governor.	after the victory michael steel is awarded by friends and word together, and he quatoted that "those who wants to be with us come and those who wants to intarrupt should go away" . michael steel is very much connected with his motherland.	After winning, Michael Steele said in his speech, 'We are going to tell our friends and foes together, that you can join with us, but whoever wants to spoil this, they should be ready to be separated from us'. Michael Steele is from Maryland, where he was Deputy Governor.	After winning Michael steal said in his address 'we are going to say this to our friends and rivals that come with us but the people who want to put the infraction they should be ready to go away.Michael Steal belongs to Mary Land where  he has been appointed as a Deputy Governor.
He got famous in 2006 when he stood for a seat in the senate.	they both know other since they had stand in electon for the seat in sant.	He rose to fame in 2006, when he stood in the voting for a seat of the senate.	he has got popularity in 2004 ,when he stood up in the election for a senate seat.
But after loosing in the senate elections he was appointed as the chairman of one political conservative committee of the party.	but after the interference from sant he has been elected as charman of polatical conservanto committee.	But after losing in the voting for the senate seat, he became the chairman of the Political Conservative Committee of the party.	But after losing in the Senate elections ,He was given the Chairmanship of party's political conservative committee.
Now after being selected as the chairman of the party, the efforts of the republican party campaign in the entire country will be under his supervision.	now whatever the work of reblican bari will be done, it all will be ordered and complited under the chairman of the party.	Now, after being selected the chairman of the party, the country wide projects of the party will be under his supervision.	Now after elected as a Chairman of the Republican Party ,the country-Wide Campaign of    Republican Party will be done under his head.
He fought elections for this promise that he will give the party a new cause. And that he will use a new technique to join conservative supporters to the party.	he has made promise that he will make victory to the party and those who walk together, he will try to add them to the party with new technique.	He fought in the election, promising that he would take the party in a new direction, and that he would use new techniques to join old-fashioned supporters with the party.	He took part in the election on this promise that the will give new life to the party and would use new technique to retain party's moderate voters.
Indian claims presence of Lashker-e-Tayyaba and Josh-e-Muhammad in Jammu.	proof of lashkar-e-toiba nad jaish-e-mohammad in jammu.	The Indian claim of the presence of Lashkar-e-Taiba and Jaysh-e-Mohammad in Jammu	India claims the presence of Lashkar-e-Taiaba and Jaish-e-Mohammad in Jammu
There are news of presence of terrorists in  the Poonch Tribal area of Jammu	there is proof of presense of terriost in punch district of jammu.	There are reports of the presence of militants in the Ponch province of Jammu	There have been reports of the presence of militants in Poonch , the district of Jammu
According to the official sources, police and army surrounded the area and started the search on receiving secret information.	according to the goverment sources the police and intelligence dept. start searching operation there.	According to government sources, upon receiving secret reports, the police and the army have surrounded the region and have started searching.	According to the official sources, on intelligence report Police and Army have surrounded the area and have started checking
In this period small fights ensued in which four militants, two soldiers and one police agent were killed.	Meanwhile, a fight started in which four extremists, 2 tribunes and one policeman died.	During this a fight started in which four militants, two soldiers and one policeman were killed.	In the mean time fight started which resulted in the casualties of four militants ,two soldiers and one policeman
According to sources these fights were going on until the last reports received, and Lashkar-e-Taiba and Jaish-e-Mohammad militants are present in these regions, to fight with whom more army battalions were sent there.	According to the resources, fight continued till the last summary of information and troops of Lashkar-e-Tayyaba and Jaish-e-Mohammad are there. More army has been sent over there to fight them.	According to the sources, fights were going on until the last news. And in this area, militants associated with Lashker-e-Tayyaba and Josh-e-Muhammad are present, for which more army has been sent to fight them.	The presence of the militants from Jaish-e-Mohammad and Lashker-e-Taiba till now has been confirmed from the latest reports by the sources.More Army is being sent to fight the militants
Meanwhile, the chief minister selected by the joint government, Umar Abdullah met the governor and informed him about his being selected the leader of his party, the National Conference in the assembly.	During that time, Chief Minister Umer Abdullah, appointed by conflate government, met with Governor and told him about him being selected by his National Conference party.	During this, chief minister, nominated by the involved officials, Omer Abdullah met with the governor and he directly gave the news of the selection of the Assembly leader from his party national conference.	In the mean time the government's nominated minister Omer Abdullah of national conference meet Governor and informed him about the selection of his party member in the assembly
The allied party of the National Conference, the Congress also informed the governor of their support for Umar Abdullah.	National Conference's allied party Congress also informed governor about their support for Umer Abdullah.	Congress, the ally of the National conference also informed the governor of the advocacy of Omar Abdullah.	Congress, a national parties allience ,also informed the governer about the Omer Abdullah and favoured him
Umar Abdullah will be administered the oath as the chief minister of the state tomorrow.	Umer Abdullah will take oath tomorrow as Chief Minister.	Omar Abdullah will take oath as the chief minister of teh sate.	Tomorrow , Omer Abdullah will be made to take oath as the states chief minister
Note that in the recently held state elections, the National Conference got 28 out of the 87 seats of the parliament, coming forth the biggest party. It should be clear that separatist groups boycotted the elections.	To keep in mind that in recent local elections, National Conference gained 28 seats and made it to the top. Those parties who supported separation, opposed elections and boycotted it.	Remember, national conference became the biggest party by gaining 28 seats in the assembly of 87 members in the current state elections. Keep in mind that separatist parties boycotted the elections.	It should be nated that in state elections,out of eighty seven seats, national conference won thirty eight seats and came out as the largest party, it should also be noted that the freedom parties boycotted the elections
Congress, which got 17 seats, was prepared to form a joint government with the National Conference.	Congress, who got 17 seats has agreed to make a combined government with National Conference.	Congress, which secured 17 seats, accepted to form coailition government with the national conference.	Congress, which won seventy seats is willing to make interum government in alliance with national conference
Today, upon reaching Srinagar, Umar Abdullah was jubilantly greeted by the party members.	Today on the arrival of Umer Abdullah in Sri Nagar, party members greeted him with a warm welcome.	Today party workers welcomed Omar Abdullah with great fanfare on his arrival in Srinagar.	Today the party workers warmly welcomed Omer Abdullah on his arrival to Sirinagar
On this occasion, Umar Abdullah said that he would try to play a role in generating dialog between the Indian government and separatists. However, this would not be possible until the elections took place and the new government came to power in India.	On this occasion Umer Abdullah said he will play his role in patching up the talks between Indian government and separation supporters. Until Indian elections and before the new government could emerge, this will not be possible.	On this occasion, Omar Abdullah says that he will play his role in making the talks possible between Indian government and separatists. Although this is not possible until the elections in India and formation of the new government.	On this occasion Omer Abdullah said that he will play his role to resume talks between the Indian Government and the Freedom fighters , but it wont be possible before the elections and the formation of the new government
The role of the European Union in peace making in the Middle East.	The role played by European Union for peace in Middle East.	The Role of EU for peace in the Middle east.	The role of European Union for the peace in Middle East
If looked at from a government perspective, of the diplomatic efforts going on to stop the Middle East war, those of the European Union are the most decisive.	Looking it from governments point of view, the efforts by European Union to stop the war in Middle East have been decisive.	from official point of view, the role of European Union is decisive in the peace efforts to stop the war in the Middle East.	Officially European Union plays a decisive role in the mediatory efforts taken for stopping the war in Middle East.
According to the state policy of Brussels, the efforts of the Shwarzenburg delegation or those of Sarkozy, is similar to giving a helping hand.	According to Brussels official position the Shoarzan Berg group or Sarkozy's efforts are symbolic to the seriousness of the matter.	according to Brussels' official stance, the efforts of Schwarzenberg delegation or Sarkozy were equally helpful in this regard.	According to the official stand of Brussels, Schwarzenberg delegation or efforts of Sarkozy are helping hands in this process.
The spokesperson of the European Commission, Amadeu Altafaj, said that every effort which helps advancing the joint message of the European Union to the two parties, is welcome.	European Commission's Spokemen Amadeu Altafa said every effort is commendable  that can help a unified message from the European Union to reach the warring sides.	European Union's spokesman Amadeu Altafaj has said that every such effort is adorable which is helpful in sending the European Union's message to the opponents of the war.	European Union spokesman Amadeu Altafaj said every single step which may help in delivering the conjoint message of European Union to fighting parties is appreciable.
As far as the state policy is concerned, everyone seems alright.	In light of the governments statement all seems to be fine.	it seems alright as far as the official statement is concerned.	Officially everything seems fine.
However, in reality, the European Union is in a sad state of internal differences from the inside.	But in reality the European Union is presenting a view of conflict amongst each other on this idea which is very sad.	but in reality the European Union is portraying a very disappointing picture of the internal tensions.	But in fact European Union is portraying a picture of internal tension, stress and strain.
As the president of the Union, the Czech Republic's role is weak, to start with.	European Union's President Check Repuplic's role is already weak.	as the head of the Union, Czech republic's role is even weaker than before.	The role of Czech Republic as the President of the Union is already weak
On top of that, internal fighting has made it all the more helpless.	In addition to it the internal turmoil has nullified the effect.	an on top of that the internal issues have made is helpless.	plus internal affairs has made her helpless.
On the other hand, French President, Sarkozy's demeanor is such that one would think that he was the president of the Union.	At the other side, the French President Sarkozy's role seems to indicate as if he is still working as the president of the European Union.	on the other hand the French president Sarkozy is behaving like if he is still the president of the European Union.	On the other hand the course of action of French President Sarkozy depicts that France is still the President of European Union.
Though France has completed it's 6 month presidency period.	Despite France has expired its 6 months Presidential term	Whereas France has completed its presidential tenure of six months.	Although 6 months Presidency tenure of France is over.
Sarkozy wants to play a presidential role, and he is able to, but he does not have the permission to do so.	Sarkozy wants to play a leaders role and he can also do it but he lacks the authorization to do it.	Sarkozy wants to play a leading role and he is capable of it but he does not have the permission to do it.	Sarkozy wants to play a leading role which he is capable of, but he isn't the authority.
The most ridiculous situation faces the foreign minister of France, Bernard Kouchner.	the most funny situation is faced by the French foreign minister Bernard Kouchner.	The most comedy situation is for the Ambassdor of France Mr. Bernard Kouchner	French Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner is facing the funniest side.
He is part of the delegation, which is being headed by Schwarzenberg, the foreign minister of Czech Republic.	he is part of a delegation which is headed by the foreign minister of Czech republic Schwarzenberg.	He is also involved in this, with the guidance from the Ambassador of czech republic Mr. Schwarzenberg	He is in the delegation which is led by Schwarzenberg the Foreign Minister of Czech Republic.
What is even worse is that both the foreign ministers are giving different statements on the middle east war.	the problem is that both foreign ministers are issuing contradictory statements over the Middle East war.	not only this they had different opinion about, they might has to face a battle with the western world	In addition to that, the two foreign ministers are giving different statements on the war in Middle East.
Schwarzenberg says that Israel has the right to defend itself whereas according to Kouchner this war does not come under defense policy. On the other side, Germany has also sent its special ambassador to Middle East. European Union will not succeed on a foreign platform until they express agreement based on the same issues.	Schwarzenberg says that Israel has the right for self defense whereas Kouchner says that this cannot be considered as a war for self defense. moreover Germany has sent its special ambassador to Middle East. Unless the European Union does not show unity based on common stance, it can not succeed on the diplomatic front.	they said that for the defence the Isreal they might has to face the war, even though it doesn't appear like that,  on the other side Germany also posted a person towards the east side. till Europeoan Union come to an conclusion, they wont win the battle	Schwarzenberg says that Israel has the right to defend herself, while according to Kouchner war is not the defense. Germany has also sent a special ambassador to Middle East. As long as European Union does not show unanimous stand, she can not be successful on diplomatic front.
Its evidence is the reaction of Israel who does not pay an importance to the conciliation efforts of the EU.	its proof is the Israeli behavior which does not care about the efforts for reconciliation from the European Union.	This is the proof of Isreal, which is doesn't provide any response to the European Countries.	The prove is the no lift conduct of Israel to mediatory efforts of European Union.
EU has a golden chance of getting something done. Because America has lost in the Middle East due to the policies of George Bush.	this is a golden chance for the European Union to do something since America due to the policies of George W. Bush has already failed in the Middle East.	this is best time for the European Union to perform, because America has failed in the western side by the law of Goerge W bush	This is the best time for European Union to prove herself, as America has failed in Middle East due to the policies of George W. Bush.
Economic setback: Suicide of German billionaire industrialist.	Financial Crisis: Suicide of a billionaire German industrialist.	Capitalism Revolution: Death of the German millionare	Financial crisis: German millionaire industrialist's suicide
Adolf Meerklay, residing in the area of Sawabia in southern Germany, has though left a great business group behind him.	Adolf Merckle, a resident of Sawabia in Southern Germany left a huge business group behind him.	In the south of German, the place by name Subia, Adolf Miracle has lefted a big business people behind him	Adolf Marclay, resident of Swabia in south Germany has left behind a huge industrialist group.
But earlier common German citizens did not know much about him.	but a short while ago, common German citizens did not know much about it.	But, before some time they german people dont know him	But he was not known to German public a while back.
Later when he had to conference, about the loan given to his industrial group, with almost 30 banks for many weeks, he also became topic of the headlines. And he could see a dark future of Meerklay groups.	when he had to negotiate with 30 banks who lent money to his industrial group, he became the topic of the headlines and he could foresee the murky future of the Merckle group.	After which the business people found difficulities to raise fund from 30 bank, then only he was in the headlines of the newspaper. which reflects a bad future for the mircale group	when he had to negotiate with 30 banks for weeks regarding his debts towards industrial groups, he became the hot news and could see the dark future for Marckay group.
The Merkel Group had to suffer financial losses of many millions of Euro after its investment to buy shares of German auto maker Volkswagen.	The Merkle group had to face a loss of a few hundred million Euros due to the arrival of the financial crisis after it bought shares in the German car manufacturing company, Volkswagen.	The aim of advertising is always to sell the product or let the people know the various facilities made available to them either at the market or at their doorstep.	Marclay Group had to bear the loss of hundreds of million euros after it bought the shares of one of known industry Folks Wigan.
Then monetary institutions canceled this groups loan amounting 700 million and another 1 billion Euro that it necessarily required and hence Merkel came into extreme pressure.	Financial institutions then refused to give it the new 700 to one Billion Euro loan it needed on an immediate basis, so Merkle went into deep pressure.	When a product is being advertised we are able to gather more information such as its name, price,benefits and availability in short, it is a brief actual account of itself.	then the financial institutes rejected to provide the much needed 100 Million and 1 billion euros to this group and this exerted severe pressure on Marclay.
Some time back the bank agreed to provide Merkel Group an emergency loan but Adolf Merkel who raised from a small industrialist to the position of a strong industrial group whose annual income was approximately 30 billion Euro, could not bare the loss in his investment capability.	Some time before that, the same bank was prepared to give it the immediate loan that it needed, but Adolf Merkel had got to this position from being a small producer, to having a yearly turnover of nearly 30 billion Euros, so he could not bear to lose his capitalistic powet.	But sometime the drafted messages tend to be fictional too, owing to either exaggeration or to false claims made by the advertiser. Viewed objectively, the advertising message must act as a salesperson and do its best to convinced consumer of the merits of the product.	Recently the same banks accepted to provide loan to Marclay group on urgent basis but Adolf Marclay who started as a small industrialist to reach a place where his industrial group's annual income reached 30 billion euros, couldn't bear the the loss in his financial strength.
Adolf Merkel, after the death of his parents started managing the business and took to modernize it.The business under his supervision became very popular and became more strong.	After the death of his father, when Adolf Merkel took over his family business, he developed it quick, putting it on new lines.	The words used in advertisements are typical of a salespersons' language and this is how he would like to convince his prospective buyer,should they come face to face.	After the death of his father when Adolf Marclay took the responsibility of the business he used modern methods and made the business more successful.
He named his company Ratiopharm which is today Germany's very large acclaimed and successful pharmaceutical company.	He called his company Ratiopharm, which is a very successful and large pharmaceutical company in Germany.	The name of this advertisements is Ratiopharm. The words used by the salesperson, definitely praise the product or service that is available.	He named his company Ratiopharm which is now Germany's most successful and biggest pharmaceutical company.
Some time back the commercial value of this company was in between 5 and 6 billion Euro and still was earning a revenue of 8.1 billion Euro annually. After the great success of Ratiopharm, the Merkel Group acquired many big businesses which included building materials maker Hydelberg cement to modified/special car maker Kassbohrer company.	Until a while ago, the value of this business was between 5 and 6 billion Euros, and it still earns about 8.1 billion Euros a year.After the superb success of Ratiopharm, Merkel group started buying many other institutions which included construction supply manufacturing companies like Hydelburg Cement to car manufacturing companies like Kassbohrer.	More often, they are colorful and catchy words as they persuade the customer to respond favorably and force him to purchase the product. Unless cosmetics and other like Kassbohrer products are heavily promoted, they will languish unsold on the shelves of this stores for a long time.	Till recent times this phamasutical company had a budget of around 5 to 6 billion euros and even now it is earning around 8 billion euros annually. After the great success of Rasue farm the Marclay Group bought many big industries like Hi-Del Barag Cement a manufacture of construction equipment. Kassbohrer and other good car maker
The workforce of Merkel Group is nearly about 100,000 throughout the world and its assets include Ratiopharm which always was the most important business in the portfolio.	The number of employees of the Merkel group around the world is near 100,000 and its foundation company, the pharmaceutical Ratiopharm always had special importance.	So, advertising always puts forward the best points of the product. Advertisement can be educative, entertaining, informative handy and surely interesting.	Marclay Group has a employee number of around 100 thousand around the world and among its industries, Rasue Farm has always been given special importance.
Adolf Merkel during his liftime expressed the view may a time that " It has been four generations that we have been in pharmaceutical business.	Adolf Merkel has said many times in his life: "It has been four generations since I started making medicine.	At times, however, they tend to be boring, irritating, incredible and embarrassing.	Adolf Marclay has said this many times in his life. ""We have been in pharma business since four generations"".
Now the management of this institution is with my children and I hope this institution will be for few hundred years be managed by and in possession of my family.	Now the management of this group is in the hands of my children and I hope that the mangement of this company will remain in my family for a few hundred years.	Another category of advertisements tends to brag so as to tempt the buyers.	Now the industry is handled by the children and i hope that it continues to work for few hundred years by our family.
After the suicide of Adolf Merkel, the banks have provided approval for temporary loans of 400 million Euro for VEM Group but added the condition that VEM should sell off Ratiopharm to improve the financial situation for a long term sustainability.	After the suicide of Adolf Merkel, banks have sanctioned 400 million Euros in floating loans for his group, but under the condition that VEM will have to sell Ratiopharm so that it could improve its financial conditions in the long term.	But whatever it be, advertisements have a two-fold purpose to serve. They have a message to convey and they attempt to evoke a desirable response in the buyer. As a result 400 VEM product becomes a popular ones; the demand increases.	After the suicide of Adolf Marclay,the banks have given approval of temporary loan of 400 million euro for his group VEM but on this condition that VEM have to be sold to  Rasio Farm so that the financial position of this group is improved on long term basis.
Like this, after the death of Adolf Meerklay, the Meerklay group will not remain the same as it was.	Therefore, after Adolf Merkeley's demise the Merkeley Group, which once existed, came to an end.	this way Merchlay group will stay as it has always been after the death of Adolph Merchley	After the death of Adolf Marclay the Marclay Group will not remain the same as it was before.
Crime rate among the immigrants in Germany.	According to new statistics, the crime rate among the immigrants in Germany,	The rate of crime among immigrants in Germany.	Crime rate of foreigners living in Germany
According to the fresh statistics, crime rate among the immigrants from 2004 to 2007 is	if compared with other countries, between 2004 and 2007	According to latest statistics the rate of crime among immigrants from 2004 till 2007 is 22%.	According to recent statistics the crime rate of foreigners between 2004 to 2007 .22
Reduced from 9.22%	dropped from 22.9%	Decline from 9 to 0.21%	9 percent has reduced to .21
to 4.21%	to 21.4%	has reached 4%	4 percent.
According to Joachim Herrmann, the interior minister of Baweria province, this is apparently a positive change.	In the view of Joachim Herrmann, the minister for home affairs of Baaveria, it has been a positive change.	According to Interior minister Joachim Herrmann of province Bavaria this is a superficial positive change.	According to Joachim Herrmann the Interior Minister of Bavaria it is only an apparent positive change.
He said: "It is important to note that the number of foreigners getting German citizenship is increasing.	He said: It is to be noted that the number of aspirants seeking German citizenship has increased.	He said "this should be noted that the number of outsiders seeking immigration of Germany is increasing"	He said: It must be considered that foreigners having the German citizenship are increasing.
Therefore this should also be mentioned in the statistics that even though the criminal is German but his background is foreign.	The statistics would have mentioned the fact that most of the persons indulging in the crimes are Germans.	Hence, this should also be stated in statistics that the criminal is a German citizen but his background is non-immigrant.	So it must be added in the statistics that though the criminal is a German citizen but his background is foreigner.
Herrmann said that his province will take this in to account when gathering statistics in 2010.	Based on this, a foreigner said when statistics of crime are taken in his homeland in 2010, the above mentioned factors will be taken for consideration by Herrmann.	He said that his province will also consider this while collecting statistics	Herrmann said that from 2010 his state will keep this fact in mind while collecting the data of criminals.
Besides Baweria, Hamburg is also thinking in the same lines.	Mentions have been made in his letters about Humberg except Baaveria.	A part from Bavaria the same is being planned in Hamburg.	Other than Bavaria, Hemberg is also working on same pattern.
The internal affairs senator related with the matters of CDU, Cristoph said: "When research is done in a scientific manner, Ahlhaus, man can not bring about its required results as it wills, but rather, it depends on the numbers and statistics that come out from the research.	Christoph Ahlhaus, an internal affair's senator belong to CDU, said, "When one does research in a scientific manner, then the results can not be predetermined. The results are based on the figures and numbers which are the outcome of the research.	Senator for foreign affairs from CDU, Christoph Ahlhaus has said: "When research is done in a scientific manner, the man can not pre-decide its results but it is based on the facts and figures that come out as a result of the research.	Senator Christoph Ahlhaus of Interior ministry from CDU said:"" When the scientific research is conducted one can not draw results of his own rather they depend on the data which is calculated after research.
He referred to a crime prevention state wise objective report, Ahlhaus, which was prepared in 2006, and on the face of which he researched this. It was reported as to what percent of the people committing crime from Bergdorf to Hamburg were foreigners.	Ahlhaus brought the attention towards an analysis report of 2006 prepared by a regional (provincial) office of Crime Prevention, in view of which it was calculated that in the crimes happening from bergdorf to hamburg, what is the percentage of foreigners involved.	Ahlhaus diverted the attention to a research report from the anti crime's provincial office which was prepared in 2006 and according to this report in Bergdorf, a part of Hamberg, it was investigated that out of all crimes happening there what percentage have the involvement of foreigners.	Ahlhaus presented an analysis report of provincial office of crime management prepared in 2006, according to which in the Bergdorf area of Hemberg the percentage of foreigners in the crimes committed there was calculated.
From the results, it became clear that the foreigners there	From the results it was found out that the foreigners'	results showed that the foreigners here have	Results indicate that here foreigners
had a lower crime percentage than the crimes taking place in the whole state.	crime percentage is less compared to the overall crime rate of the whole province.	the crime rate was less as compared to the crimes allover the province.	crime rate is less then the crimes committed in the whole province.
Contrary to this, during 2006, when the percentage of youngsters committing crimes was calculated, it became evident that the youngsters from a foreign background committing crime was 44	In contrast to this calculation, when in 2006 in Berlin, the teenage crime rates were analyzed, it was found that the teenagers having a foreign background was 7.44%	in contrast when in 2006 a survey was done on crimes in youth in Berlin, it came up that young people having foreign background had a percentage of .44	On the contrary during 2006 when youth crime rate in Berlin was observed revealed that the youth having the foreign background was .44
.7 percent.	was 7.44 %	was 7 percent	7 percent.
However, the various German political parties such as SPD, environmentalist party, grains, and left wing party Linkspartei is against finding out during the collecting of crime statistics, as to which German citizen is of foreign background.	However certain political parties of Germany for example SPD, the environmentalist party The Greens, and the Left party Linkspartei (Die Linke) , are against the idea of collecting information about whether certain German citizens are foreigners or not, while collecting facts about crimes and crime rates.	However, other political parties of Germany for example, SPD, Environmentalists organization Greens, and leftist organization Linkspartei were against this proposal that while collecting facts and figures regarding crimes, this should also be inquired that which German citizen has a foreign background.	Other political parties of Germany like SPD, clean atmospherics party Greens, and leftist party Linkspartei are against the of gathering information whether the background of a German citizen is foreign while collecting the data about crimes.
We want quick evacuation of the army from Gaza, Olmert	We want the army to evacuate from Gaza soon : Olmert	We want quick evacuation of troops from Gaza: Olmert	Military should be soon removed from Gaza : Almert
Aihud Olmert stressed that for complete evacuation of forces, a proper and stable ceasefire would be necessary.	Ehud Olmert has insisted that the alliance of complete peace and no future war in return for evacuation of army is not unacceptable.	Ehud Olmert has stressed that for complete evacuation of the army, a future and permanent ceasefire agreement is inevitable.	Jew Almert has strongly showed a necessity for continuous war.
Hamas and Israel announced a ceasefire on Sunday.	Hamas and Israel announced war on Sunday.	Hamas and Israel declared ceasefire on Sunday.	Himas and Israelis have declared war on Sunday.
Islamic militant group Hammas while announcing one week cease fire, has asked the Israel army to leave the Gaza strip within one week and to finish the barricade on the Gaza strip.	Islamic militant organization Hamas has announced a cease fire for one week and asked the Israel Military to completely evacuate the Gaza Strip and to clear the check post completely	Islamic militant group, Hamas has said, announcing a one week war break, that the Israeli army should evacuate the Gaza strip within one week and stop their guarding of the strip.	Islamic followers Himas Organizations declaring one week war said that within one week Israelis will be removed from gaza patti and it will end the restrictions at gaza Patti.
On other side, the leader of Hammas Ismail Hannan has said that Israel has been given victory from God in the Gaza war.	on the other hand Hamas Leader Ismael Hani says that in Gaza's War Isreal army got a victory because of the god.	On the other side, Hamas leader Ismail Junaih has said that Israel has received victory in the Gaza war from God.	On the other hand Himas mentor Ismail Husaini has said the victory of isralis at Gaza is from god.
He said that in Gaza war, Israel has not been able to succeed to achieve its purpose.	he says that in Gaza's War Israel was unable to fulfill his targets	He said that Israel was unsuccessful in achieving their goals in the Gaza war.	it has been said by him that in this Israel was not not successful in their objectives
Before that, in the city of Egypt, Sharm Al Sheikh, a conference was held of Arab and European countries on Sunday. In which Israel was asked to evacuate its army from Gaza instantly.	before that in Egypt city Sharam-ul-Shiekh on Sunday there was a meeting between European and Arab leader in which they demanded Israel to evacuate the Gaza	Before that, in Sharm-el-Shaikh in Egypt, on Sunday, the leaders of Arab and European countries had a meeting in which there was a call for immediate evacuation of Israeli army from Gaza.	Before this in the city of Egypt Sharmul seik on Sunday european and arab personnel one group was formed in which israel was asked about Gaza
It was decided in the conference that soon an international aid conference will be held for Gaza.	in the meeting it was decided that sooner there will be World Conference on it	It was decided in the meeting, that soon, an international aid conference for Gaza would be held.	in this meeting it was announced that sooner there will be a conference held.
German chancellor Angela Meerkal also attended the mentioned conference.	in the meeting German Chancellor Angelina Markel was also present	German Chancellor, Angela Merchel was also present in the mentioned meeting.	in this German chancellor Angera Merikal also participated
At least 1300 Palestinians and including 10 soldiers, a total of 13 Israelis were killed in the war lasting for three weeks between the militants of Hammas and Israel.	the war between Israel and Hamas Militant which lasted for 3 weeks killed almost 1300 Palestine, 10 soldiers and total 13 Israelis	At least 1300 Palestinians including 10 soldiers as well as 13 Israelis were killed in the three week long war being fought between the Israeli and Hamas soldiers.	due to the result of war between Himas and Israel 1300 Palestinians nd 10 soldiers totally 13 Israelis were dead
On the other side, Palestinian President Mahmood Abbas has insisted on the formation of national government in the areas of Palestine.	on the other side Palestine President Mahmud Abbas urges to make a United Government in the Palestine area	On the other side, Palestinian President, Mahmood Abbas stressed upon an international rule in the Palestinian regions.	on other hand chief mahmood abbas has strongly told about religious rule in Palestine
A video message for Germany from Al-Qaeda	Al Qaida video message for Germany	Al-Qaida's video message to Germany	The Al-Qaeda Germany video message
In this 30 minute video message, a man wearing a black turban with a covered face and holding a gun, is giving a message to the German Government.	in this 30 minute video, one man wearing black color turbine covering his face with a cloth and holding a gun addressing the Government	In this thirty minute video, a man wearing a black turban, covering his face and holding a gun in his hand addresses the German government.	In the term time of 30 minutes in the video, a person of the black color who was wearing a turban and having a hands a message to the German Government.
This person is showing himself Abu Talha and talking in German language.	This man is introducing himself as Abu Talha and speaking in German language.	The same man is introducing himself as the Father of Talha and is talking in German language.	The person who talks is Abu Talha and he talks in the German language.
The all titles of this Arabic video message are present.	Arabic sub-titles of this video message are also there.	Arabic subtitles are also present in this video message.	This video message is in Arabic also.
The logo of Alqaida is on the screen side and the date is 2008 in video.	on the side of the screen is the logo of Al-Qaida and the date written in the video is October 2008.	There is a log of Al-Qaeda on the side of the screen and video has the date of October 2008.	The United States has also been mentioned in the screen of the video of October 2008.
In this message it is said to German government that the large numbers of force in Afghanistan shows the shore that there will be no any attack at it so is it not knowing unknowing and what other thing?	in this message it is said to the German government that after deploying such a large number of troops in Afghanistan this country is thinking that it will not be attacked, if it's not ingeniousness then what else?	In this message, it is said to the German Government that is the country expressing their belief that they will not be attacked on after assigning army in a great number in Afghanistan. If this is not innocence, what is it?	The message to the German government said that there are a large number of forces in Afghanistan and that they are believed not to attack.
How ever the saying himself Abu Talha that person did not threat German without channel.	introducing himself as Abu Talha, this man however did not threaten to directly attack Germany.	This man calling himself "Father of Talha" did not threaten about attack on Germany indirectly.	The person who speaks in German did not threaten attacks.
The number or  union forces in Afghanistan contained in NETO is about 3500.	the number of German troops amongst the Allied NATO forces in Afghanistan is around 3500.	In Afghanistan, the number of German army soldiers included in the United army NATO is almost 3500 at this time.	The coalition forces in Afghanistan in the NATO includes a number of German soldiers - almost three and a half thousand.
The German parliment had approved the role to send 1000 more in Afghanistan.	last year the German parliament has approved a bill to send one thousand more troops to Afghanistan.	In October last year, German Parliament has approved of sending 1000 more soldiers to Afghanistan.	In October last year, the German parliament has given approval to send one thousand soldiers to Afghanistan.
This is the first message of Alaqaid to German.	this is the first message to Germany from Al-Qaida.	This is the first message received by Germany from Al-Qaeda.	This is the first message for the combined United States and Germany.
A distinguished and expert in terrorism matters Mijail Luder said about this message that the situation in Kabul is that the self attack outside of German ambassador house prove that we should take it serious.	having a critical eye on terrorism related issues, the famous expert Mikhail Luders says regarding this message: "the recent suicide attack on the German embassy in Kabul is a proof of the fact that we should take it seriously in any case.	Mikhael Luders, who keeps a close watch on the activities related to terrorism, says in relation to this message :" The suicide bombing outside German consulate recently has proved that we should take it seriously in every condition.	The Leader for Affairs Mikhail Fradkov  has expressed his scare on terrorism in his message saying: 'The German Embassy in Kabul, may have a threat for suicide attack'.
From last some years Alqaida has been showing such messages and after it some attacks was under taken.	for the past few years Al-Qaida has been issuing video messages on internet and there have been attacks as well after such messages.	For the last few years, AL-Qaeda has been distributing messages over the internet and there have been attacks after such messages.	The United States has recieved many such messages during the last few years on the Internet.
On Saturday,the militant organisation, Taliban took responsibility for the suicide attacks that took place outside the German embassy.	The responsibility of suicide bomb attack outside the German Embassy in Kabul has been accepted by the armed organization called Taliban's.	The responsibility for the terrorist attack outside the German Embassy at the weekend was taken by the militant group, the Taliban.	On Saturday, there was a suicide attack outside the German embassy in Kabul and the Taliban military organization owned the responsibility for it.
Many German newspapers and thinkers are looking at this attack in connection with the Al-Qaidah message.	Most of the German magazines were associating these attacks with Al Qaeda.	Most German papers and analyzers are linking this attack with the message of Al Qaeda.	Most of the German newspapers and observers expressed the message about the chances of attack over the United States.
"They are targeting Germany"	They are targeting Germany	"They are targeting Germany.	Germany could be a target.
Fundamentalist Muslims are viewing the German Afghan policy in a negative and critical manner.	The fundamentalist Muslims are seeing German Afghan policy as negative and discriminatory.	Muslim hard liners see the Germans Afghan policy in a negative and questionable light.	Fundamentalist Muslims have a negative look over the the Afghan policy of Germany.
They accuse the German government of following an extremist policy, not only in Afghanistan, but also in the Middle East.	They are blaming Germany for keeping discriminatory policies not only in Afghanistan but in the Middle East also	They blame the German government of adopting biased policies not just towards Afghanistan but the Middle East also.	The German government does not have a biased policy over  Pakistan alone but also over the Middle East countries too.
Because of this, they are considering German as their target, more and more.	And because of this they are considering Germany  their target evenmore.	And it is for this reason that they are increasingly finding Germany as their enemy.	This is the reason for Germany being in the target.
In the meantime, the German government claims that the German secret agencies had knowledge about this video, even before it came to light.	In the mean time, the German Government says that the German intelligence agencies already knew about this video before it came into the lime light.	Besides this the German Government stated that even before the video came out publically the German undercover agencies knew about it.	Meanwhile, the German government has said that the public video  has already been sent to the knowledge of German intelligence agencies.
The German joint crime control organisation is busy studying the video.	The German department for the elimination of crimes is busy in analyzing this video.	The German federal anti crime organization was occupied in investigating the contents of the video.	The German Federal Anti-crime organization is checking this video.
Obama has taken the position of American presidency.	Obama has taken charge of the American presidency.	Obama took office as the President of America.	The president of America Obama, to take charge
In this setup, let alone the American public, the whole world has different hopes about Obama.	In this perspective, keeping the American people aside, all the world has developed various expectations for Obama.	In this crisis the American people are on one side while the rest of the world is expecting different things form Obama.	On the background, The Americans are rather a different people in the world
Now that Barack Obama is receiving congratulatory messages from around the world on becoming president, the expectations from him are also becoming clear.	as Barak Obama is receiving Congrutulation from all over the world for the presidency of United States of America, people are expecting more from him	Now when Barack Obama is receiving greetings from all over the world on becoming the president of America, the expectations from him are also rising.	Obama, becoming the president of United States of America, received messages of congratulations. And is now in the range of expectation.
In these regards, German Chancellor, Angela Merchel also expressed reliance on the new American President.	German Chancellor Angela Miracle expressed her confidence on the new president of USA.	in this reference, the German Chancellor Angela Merckle has expressed confidence in the American president.	The German Chancellor, Angela Merkel , expressed his confidence on the new American president.
"I believe that the Joint Republic of Germany and the United States of America will be able to get together on the basis of strong relationships and partnership, to solve the problems facing us".	i am sure that Germany and United State of America will cooperate with each other on the basis of friendship to solve common problems.	"I am sure that based on the friendship between Federal Republic of Germany and the United States of America, we can resolve all the issues faced.	I belive that the Federal Republic of Germany and Persian relationship with the United Stated would solve many problems.
Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin said that Obama seems a serious and open hearted person, and this is definitely something good.	Russian Prime Minister Putin said that Obama is a serious and open hearted man and that is a good quality.	Russian prime minister Viladimir Putin has said that Obama appears to a serious and open hearted man this is really a good news.	Russian Prime minister Mir Putin said that this serious and opn heart is a good thing
As such, the previous American president's policies were subject to criticism.	previously he criticize Bush policies.	although the policies of former American president George W. Bush have been facing criticism.	The policies of the former American president, George W. Bush faced criticism.
However, his government is definitely credited with arousing China into playing a more constructive role on the international level, whereas, with regards to the new president, China has said that he will have to work for strong military ties between the countries.	but his administration is appreciated to be cooperative with china for constructive work. the new president of USA will work for new military and strategic relation among both countries.	however, his regime is appreciated for promoting China to play a more constructive role internationally whereas China has said about the new American president that he will have to work for stronger military relations between both countries.	The Administration of the international level China praised the constructive role on the movement since, the American President said that the two countries have to strengthen the millitary relations to work together.
Expert on Chinese politics, who is active in Bokhum, Germany, Gosuwe Hu, says:	according to German expert in politics gosvi	Active in German city of Bochum, Chinese political expert Kusuay Wu says:	Yak says that the German expert is active in city politics
From this viewpoint, I am certain that Obama and his economic team will, within the coming weeks and months, pressurize the Beijing government into pegging the Chinese currency to a stable and market representing exchange rate.	i am sure that Obama will put economical pressure on Beijing to put standard measure for the china currency to collobrate with other currencies in market.	"in this reference, I am sure that in coming weeks and months, Obama and his team of economists will put immense pressure on China to have a more flexible and competitive to market exchange rate for the Chinese currency.	With this, I believe that the coming weeks and months will have strong pressure from economic team to entail Beijing government of China to have better rate of exchange
The previous American government also increased ties with India.	previous American administration made good relation with India.	former American regime has also improved on relations with India.	The relationship of India and Former US administration will be better
About where Obama might take those ties, Professor Christopher Raj, expert on American sciences in New Delhi, says that we are now closer to a strategic partnership, but Obama cannot make any change overnight.	Obama will further strengthen the relations but according to proffesor Christopher, Obama cant bring changes in one night.	how far Obama can take these relations, Christopher Raj, Professor of American Studies in New Delhi says on this: "now we have come closer in strategic partnership, however, Obama can not bring an overnight change.	American studies professor in New Delhi, Raj said that we are in a strategic patnership as long as one nigh does not bring a change
pope Benedict also send a message to spared wind of thrive in World emphasize peace and Collaboration to Obama.	In his message to Obama Pope Benedict has stressed on Peace and co-operation in the world.	In a message sent to Obama by Pope Benedict, he also stressed upon the need to create an environment of peace and mutual help in the world.	Pope Benedict also gave a message in the name of peace to the world in the atmosphere of cooperation and stressed on  developing.
Iraq provisional Elections.	Provincial elections in Iraq.	State elections in Israel	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 492
after 2005 this war effected country first important election.	After 2005 these are the first elections in war stricken country.	This is the first important election in this war ridden country since 2005.	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 493
for provisional election 14,400 Representative come in ground for 440 seats.	For 440 seats in provincial elections there are 14400 candidates.	For the state elections, more than 14,400 contestants have entered the arena for 440 seats.	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 494
to maintain peace and stability during election 8 lack police and solders deploy in Iraq.	To keep peace during elections 8 hundred thousand Police and Soldiers have been deployed in Iraq.	To maintain peace and safety during the elections, 800,000 police and soldiers were posted in Iraq.	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 495
due to this danger that any explosion or any terrorist attack on this important day Iraq all boundaries sealed before one day it means from Friday.	The borders of Iraq were sealed one day ago i.e. Friday considering the threat that a bomb attach or terror attack can happen on such an important day	Fearing that some bomb blast or terrorist attack might take place on this important day, all the borders of Iraq were sealed one day in advance, i.e. on Friday.	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 496
and more over closed Airports and public transportation not allowed.	A part from theis Airports were closed and public transport was forbidden.	Apart from this, the airport was closed and restrictions were placed on public trasnsport.	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 497
according to the sources, due to  transportation on the street of Baghdad there were no traffic seen and Iraqi children playing football on the street.	According to the news, due to disallowed traffic the roads of Iraq have been deserted and Iraqi children can be seen playing football on roads.	According to reports, due to the restrictions on public transport, there was no traffic on the roads of Baghdad, and children were seen playing football on the roads.	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 498
during situation of present Iraqi election on the one side will predict this thing that in 2011 when American solders troops go back from Iraq so than either national security agencies able to control county or not and on the other side political analyst look this as one analytic which can predict that how much Iraqi people our agree to democratic change.	The security situation during recent elections will help in analyzing that after American withdrawal in 2011 whether the local security organizations will be able handle the country or not. On the other hand political analysts is watching this as an experiment with which it can assessed that how much Iraqi people are ready to bring change in the country through democratic way.	During the present Iraqi elections, the security arrangements will tell, on one hand whether or not the local security agencies will be able to take over the country after the return of the American forces from Iraq in 2011, and on the other hand, political analysts are using this as a test as to what extent the public is prepared to bring change to the country in democratic ways.	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 499
with the help of United Nations starting provisional election in Iraq and almost 800 international observer investigate this election.	Provincial elections are being held in Iraq With the help of United Nations and approximate 800 international correspondents will monitor the elections.	The state elections are being held with help from the United Nations and almost 800 international supervisors are overlooking the elections.	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 500
Yaom-e-Ashora:The day of Aashora and the great sacrifice of Hazrat Imam Hussain was celebrated with respect in Iran today.	Today, the Day of Aashura was celebrated throughout Iran in remembrance, respect and honor of the great sacrifice of the chief of all martyrs, Imam Hussain.	Today is celebrated as Ashoora day all over Iran with high reverence and piety and with the remembrance of the Leader of martyrs Imam Hazrat Husaian.	Youm e Ashura; Youm e Ashura was observed with reverence and fervor in the whole of Iran commemorating the great sacrifice of Syed-us-Shohadaa Hazrat Imam Hussain (AS).
According to an export news reporter contained capital of Iran Tahran in all small and big cities the day of Syed-u-shuhada was celebrated with respect and at this event a large number of Shea participated in majalis-e-uzza and gatherings in large numbers and said excuse to nabi pak sallalaho alaehe wassallam at the event of his son shadat.And the hole day was spent by Shea to this event of Syedushuhada in giving his life for Islam and it was renewed and participated in gatherings at large level.	According to Mehr news agency, All small and large cities including the capital city of Tehran witnessed the celebration of this day in the respect of the chief of martyrs, Imam Husain, with great respect and honor. On this occasion, the believers gathered in great numbers in such honorary gatherings and remembered the deaths of the Holy Prophet (PBUH) and his family members. Today, the whole country of Iran is mourning the great sacrifice of the martyrdom of the Prophet's grandson, Imam Hussain in the battle field of Karbala. The believers are remembering this unmatched sacrifice and attending such large honorary gatherings in its honor.	According to Mahar news agency,in all small and big cities including Tehran, the capital of Iran, people mourned the sacrifice of Hazrat Imam Husain (Peace be upon him), the leader of martyrs. Huge crowds attended the mourning processions and meetings. Due respects and condolence were given to the Ahlu Baith (the Prophet's (PBUH) inheritors).The whole Iran observed with great sorrow and lamentation the supreme martyrdom in the Karbala battleground of the Prophet's grandson, Imam Hazrat Husain (PBUH).The true believers cherished the memory of the unique sacrifice of Hazrat Imam Husain in Karbala. Large crowds attended the condolence meetings and processions.	Mehr News Agency reported that in all major and minor cities including Tehran, the capital city of Iran, the mourning of Syed-us-Shohadaa Hazrat Imam Hussain (AS) was observed with veneration and devotion. A large number of believers attended these mourning gatherings and processions, paying their condolences to The Prophet (S) on the martyrdom of his family members. Today the whole of Iran is grieved and sorrowful on the great sacrifice of the Prophetâ€™s Grandson Hazrat Imam Hussain (AS) in the field of Karbala. The believers recollected the great sacrifice of Syed-us-Shohadaa Hazrat Imam Hussain (AS) in the field of Karbala and took part in gatherings and processions on a large scale.
the defeat of Israelian from ghaza Ajlin area//Exampleless straightness of freedom fighters sf Falastin	Retreat of Israeli soldiers from Ajleen province of Gaza, unmatched forbearance of Palestinian soldiers.	Israeli troops' retreat from Gaza Corridor. Stern defense put up by Palestine fighters.	Gaza, Israeli soldiers area of the Mujahideen repulse // Palestinian example of fidelity
According to urdu service of an expert news reporter agency, the cruel bombing was continued on citizen area by Israel in the fight between right and wrong.There are 880 Falastini persons have been murdered and 3700 injured in Israel attacks air,earth and sea.	According to the Urdu service of Mehr news agency, even on the 16th day of the fight between truth and falsehood in Gaza, there was beastly bombing by the Israel on the city population  of Gaza, by the use of air, land and naval attacks, due to which 880 people have died so far.	According to Mahar news reports of Urdu service,even on the 16th day of the battle between good and evil, the Israeli troops showered bombs on the city dwellers. 880 people have so far martyred in the land-sky-sea attack of the Israeli troops and 3700 Palestines have been severely injured.	The Mehr news agency, according to the Urdu service in Gaza ÙˆØ¨Ø§Ø·Ù„ right of the battle of the Chinese nature day by Israel Ù¾Ø±ÙˆØ­Ø´ÛŒØ§Ù†Û City population bombing, the Gaza Strip by Israeli air, ground and naval attacks in the 3700 880 people were killed and Palestinians have been injured.
In shuhada 275 innocent children contain also which dead smiling at faithlessness of Arab leaders and only named organization which are international human rights organizations.	Among the martyred are 275 innocent children, who have slept in the lap of death, smiling at the deception of the leaders of Arab countries and of so called human rights organisations.	The martyrs include 275 innocent children. They embraced death smiling at the faces of deceitful Arab leaders and the organizations pretending to be working for international human rights.	In at 275 innocent martyrs also included the Arab leaders and the doors of the international human rights organizations so-called on the death, in the fold.
Today the having grave clothes freedom fighters forced the Israelian forces to go back from the area of Ajeen and showing the glorious straightness with the power of the faith and shahadat and making the life close on non Muslims.	Today, the always ready to die, Mujahids of Ajeen province have defeated the Israeli army, with the power of faith and martyrdom, and a show of amazing forbearance and steadfastness, tightening the collar of life, around the necks of the Zionist enemies.	The Israeli troops were forced to leave Ujain in Gaza today because of the strong resistance of the masked Palestine soldiers. They exhibited magnificent defense with the help of their strong faith and desire for sacrifice. They engage in a do or die battle against the Zionist enemies.	Gaza today, the shrouds massacre of Israeli troops pulled the forced the martyrdom, faith and the power of 44 Grand stand and are demonstrate the enemy and Israeli assonance Hayat are so
If there were the faithlessness of Misri president Hasani Namubarak not in being then enthusiastic freedom fighters of Hammas had defeated Israel soon but the cruel is this that with Israeian blockader Misr has also limiting Falastini Muslims which is the bad being of Arab history.	If it were not for the deception of Egyptian president, Hasani (not) Mubarak, the brave and loyal Hamas Mujahids would have defeated Israel a long while ago, but apart from the Israeli siege, the Egyptians have also placed Palestinian Muslima under siege, which is the saddest story of Arab history.	But for the treacherous stand of the Egyptian President Husni Mubarak, the brave and solid fighters of Hamas would have thrown the Israeli troops into the pit of shameful defeat. Unfortunately, the Egyptian Muslims also keep the Palestines under siege along with the Israeli troops. It is the most tragic incident in the history of Arabia.	If the Egyptian President Hosny unlucky not to the doors of HAMAS, upright and Bahadur Mujahid Israel when the defeat of the four, but the with Israeli siege of Egypt, Muslim sectarian siege of the Palestinians, which is the most Arab history sad incident.
Here Saudi Arabia and Urdan governments are also helping Israel and doing faithlessness with Muslims and giving company to Israelians.	Here, the Saudi Arabian and Jordanian governments are giving the Israeli government political and economic support, and are helping Israel by deceiving the helpless Muslims of Gaza.	There can be seen that Saudi Arabia and Udar government extends political as well as financial assistance to Israel. Similarly, they join hands with Israel to deceive the Musalmans of Gaza who are put in unending miseries.	Meanwhile, Saudi Arabia and Jordan to Israel also governments political, economic assistance to help the Gaza Strip, and with the unarmed Muslims treachery with the Israelis and are
Barak Obam will do a new policy with Iran.	Barack Obama: America will use a new policy towards Iran.	Barak Obama and America weave new evil strategies against Iran.	New Strategy will be used with the Iran, said the United States of America.
According to an expert news reporter agency, the elected president of America Barak Obam said talking NABC News Channal that he will do a new policy about the issue of Iran,	According to a report from Mehr news agency, the newly elected president of America, Barack Obama told ABC news channel, in an interview with them, that they would take a new approach towards the Iran dilemma.	According to Mahar news agency, the elected President of America Barak Obama, while talking to ABC news channel, said that new and modern strategies would be adopted in dealing with the Iran affairs.	With Obama being elected as the new President of United states of America, The Mehrnews agency report that the Modern and new strategy for the issue of Iran will be made easy
Barack Obama said "Iran will be a big challenge for American government"	Barack Obama said that Iran would be a very big challenge for the American government	Bark Obama said that Iran will be the big challenge for American Government.	Iran will be a very Big challenge to American Government, Said Obama.
Barack Obama said that he is concerned about Iranian support of Palestinian organizations Hamas and Hiza Ullah and Iran's uranium enrichment program.	He said that they are in a dilemma with regards to Palestinian Islamic organizations Hamas and Hizbullah's support of Iran and Iran's nuclear enrichment program.	Bark Obama said that he afraid about the Iranic help to Falastini Islamic organization Hammas and Hizbullah and Iranic item program.	Obama Said that the Iran's nuclear program is supported by the Islamic organisations like Hamas and Hezbollah
But he will not continue existing policy of current American president Bush and he will adopt a different policy about relations with Iran.	But he will not retain the policy of present American president George Bush, with regards to Iran, but would adopt different policies for Iran.	But he will not continue the running policy of American president Bush about Iran and start relationship with Iran.	But, Iran will not adopt the various policy of US president Bush and also, the relationship with India.
Barack Obama said that while achieving the real goal he will insist on mutual respect and dialogue.	Barack Obama said that he would make his actual goal completely clear, while stressing on the hope for mutual respect and dialog.	Bark Obama said that he will stress on talking and respecting showing his real aim.	Obama when talking about mutual respect said that the real purpose will be completed and also, he stressed on the desire.
Barack has already said that to do dialogue with Iran there should be no conditions applied.	Barack Obama has mentioned in the past that no prerequisites will be set with regards to dialog with Iran.	Bark Obama said it in past also that there will be no conditions to talk with Iran.	Obama said that the talks about the Iran in the past should not be spoken
During interview he hoped that his administration will quickly follow his new policy about Iran.	During the interview , he expressed the hope that his government would take quick policy decisions on Iran.	He showed in interview that the management will work on this new policy rapidly about Iran.	He said in one of the interview that the new strategy should be followed by the Iran administration.
Regarding crisis in middle east Obama said that he is making a new team.	Regarding the Middle East crisis, Obama said that he would form a special team	Bark Obama said about the problem of middle East that he will make a special team for it.	He gives a special team for the middle east crisis
That will start working for peace in middle east from January 20th.	which will start working on establishing peace in the Middle East from the 20th of January.	That will start work after 20 January for the peace of middle East.	The efforts will be taken towards peace woll be started after january 20.
Bush; the incompetent president of America, confessed his mistakes in last address to the press.	President George Bush, unable and disliked president Bush accepted his mistakes and crimes in his last press statement.	The president Jarj Bush declared his mistakes and criminals in his last speech.	During one of the press meet, Bush acknowledged the mistake of appointing incompetants.
Every news agency has cited Associated Press that in his last press conference American president George Bush has confessed many mistakes and crimes .	Mehr News Agency related from Associated Press that the American president George Bush, in the last press conference of his term, accepted numerous of his mistakes and crimes.	The expert News agency said about the Associate Press that American president Bush declared his mistakes and criminals in last press conference.	The News agency Mehr, ssociated the admittance of the US president George Bush's mistake to a crime
In a Press Conference in White House, President Bush has said that he has good wishes for newly elected President Obama but the biggest challenge will remain to protect USA from terrorist attack	Speaking during the press conference at the White House, President Bush said that though newly elected president Obama has the feelings of well wishing, still, the biggest challenge facing Obama would be to prevent possible attacks on America.	During his press conference at White House President Bush offered his best wishes to newly elected President Obama and said that the biggest challenge would be to protect America from every possible attack.	The US president George bush said in the White house conference that it would be a goodwill to elect a new president and stopping it would be a biggest attack on the United states.
he said that Iraq mission and social security amendments where his mistake	He said that the completion of the Iraq mission and social security reforms were his mistakes.	He said that the completion of Iraq mission and improvements in social security are his mistakes.	He also said that, it was a mistake to complete the mission in Iraq and the social security reforms
President Bush has said that what ever he did he did in the benefit of America	President Bush said that whatever he did, he did it for the sake of protecting America.	President Bush said that he did everything for the protection of America.	Bush, the US president said that he has done 100 for the protection of the United states.
In response to the many questions related to Israel invasion in Gaza President bush says that Israel has the right to defend accordins to him Hamas should not attack Israel and world, like america should help cruel instead of helping victim.	Upon being asked various questions about the Israeli inflictions on Gaza, President Bush said that Israel has the right to defend itself. According to him, Hamas does not have the right to defend itself and Hamas should not do anything to Israel, and like America, the whole world should choke the oppressed rather than the oppressor.	In response to several questions asked about Israeli aggression in Gaza President Bush replied that Israel has the right to protect herself but Hamas does not and Hamas should not attack Israel and like America the whole world should strangle the oppressed instead of the oppressor.	President Bush said that the Israeli's have right to defent themself and they asked many questions in the Gaza.   He also said that the Hamas have no rights to defend and they should not be supported by the world. Only the oppressed should be strangled.
American uneducated,unqualified and arrogant President has said that weapons should not be provided to Hamas for as much America is providing Israel with the most destructive weapons and Israelis is using and advantage in killing Palestine people. Bush also praises Arab who are in the favor of Israel and called them friend of Israel.	The incapable and despicable president of the United States said that Hamas should not be given weapons either, while America is providing Israel the worlds most destructive weapons. Israel is using American weapons to massacre Palestinians and Bush also praised the Israel supporting Arabs, calling them the friends of Israel.	America's most incompetent and ineligible president said that Hamas should not be provided arms however America is giving the most devastating weapons to Israel who are using these weapons in the genocide of Palestinians. Also criticized pro Israeli Arabs and declared them friends of Israel.	The US president said that the HAMAS should not unnecessarily provide the israel with the deadly weapons and harm the Palestinians by the US weapons. Also, Bush also praised Nawaz Arabs who is a friend of Israel.
Bush has shown some abashment regarding the crimes in Abu Gharib and Gountanamo Prisons.	Bush expressed shame at some of the crimes going on in the Abu Ghraib and Guatenamo jails.	Bush was embarrassed about the crimes committed in Abu Garib and Guantanamo bay prisons.	Bush jailed Abu and is in guilt of crime.
Analyst has said that there should be a case of criminal offense against Bush. those Organization which gonna do this they will have a beneficence on all Humanity.	People are opining that cases should be filed against Bush for his war crimes, and that the organisations which manage to do this will have done a great service to humanity.	Experts say that Bush should be trialled for war crimes and the organizations who will do this will do great benefit to mankind.	Viewers say that the crimes of war agaisnt Bush should be set up in organisations and should favor the work of developing humanity.
President Ahmdi Nijad has shown pity on Arab nations on their silence	The Iranian President Ahmedinejad expressed sorrow over the silence of the Arab leaders.	Iranian President Ahmedi Nizad regretted the silence of Arab countries.	President of Iran Ahmadinejad has expressed sorrows on the silence of Arab Leaders
Mahr News Agency reported that Iran's President Dr. Mahmud Ahmdi Nijad has shown regret and criticize Arab Nation for keeping there Silence on the issue of Israeli bloodily on Gaza.	According to a report by Mehr News Agency, the Iranian President Mahmood Ahmadinejad criticized the Arab leaders silence on the Israeli inhumanity and oppression on Gaza, expressing his sorrow.	According to all news agencies Iranian president Doctor Ahmedi Nizad has strongly criticized silence of Arab leaders on the Israeli aggression and oppression.	According to the report of Mehr news agency has said that Iranian President Dr. Mehmood Ahmadinejad has strongly condemned and expressed sorrows on the silence of Arab Leaders on the aggression and cruelties of Israel in Gaza.
President Ahmdi Nijad has shown surprise on the silence of Arab nations on such Brutal activities of Israel in Gaza. He said that Israel is doing Holocaust , Palestine children, women and civil citizens are been killed and no Arab leaders has given any statement yet.	President Ahmadinejad said, expressing surprise over the Arab countries and their leaders silence over the beastly acts of Israel, that Israel is subjecting the Palestinian public to a holocaust. They are making the Palestinian children, women and civilians targets of their barbarianism, and the Arab leaders have not even given one statement.	President Ahmedi Nizad is shocked on the silence of Arab countries and their leaders on the Israeli aggression on Gaza and said that Israel is doing Holocaust of Palestinians, terrorizing Palestinian children, women and ordinary citizens.	While expressing his amusement about Arab countries and silence of their leaders on the inhuman brutalities of Israel in Gaza President Ahmadinejad has said that Israel is Holocausting the Palestinian people, targeting the Palestinian children, women and civilian people and Arab Leaders didn't even bother to issue a statement.
President Ahmedinejad said that all Arab countries should unite against Israel and save the oppressed Muslims of Gaza from the harm and oppression of Israel.	The president Ahmade Nazad said that All Arab countries should make union against Israel and save the unjustly treated Muslims from badness and unjustly treating of Irael.	President Ahmede Nejad has called upon all the Arab countries to unite against Israel and to save the oppressed Muslims of Gaza Israel's harm and tyranny.	President Ahmadinejad has said that all the Arab countries must unite against Israel and save the poor people of Gaza from the brutality of Israel.
Ahmadinejad: The king of Saudi Arabia clarify his position on the massacre in Gaza by Israel.	The king of Saudi Arabia Ahmade Nazad should show his view about the killing humanity by Israel in Ghaza.	Ahmade Nejad; Saudi King should clarify his stance on the  genocide being done in Gaza by Israel.	Ahmadinejad, King of Saudi Arabia must declare his statement about human assassination in Gaza by Israel.
According to a report by Mehr news agency, the President Mahmood Ahmadinejad has told the Saudi Arabian Muslim ruler, King Abdullah, that his silence upon the human massacre in Gaza and not protesting against the killing of innocent children and women in Gaza has become a means of encouragement for the enemies of Islam.	According to an expert news report The President Mahmood Ahmade Zazad send a message to the commander or Saudi Arabia King Abdullah that the quite of Islamic king Saudi Arabia at the killing of humanity by Israel in Ghaza and to kill the innocent children and openly killing of women is encourage the enemy of Islam.	According to the report by MAHAR/MEHR news agency, President Ahmede Nejad in his message to the Saudi King Malik Abdullah declared that the silence on the human genocide in Gaza and muteness on the murder of innocent children and women by  the Muslim King of Saudi Arabia is a reason that  is encouraging of the enemies of Islam.	According to the report of Mother news agency President Mehmood Ahmadinejad said to Malik Abdullah in his message that silence of Muslim King of Saudi Arabia on the human assassination in Gaza and on the killing of innocent women and children is encouraging enemies of Islam.
President Ahmedinejad said in his address, that you must clarify your position and support the oppressed openly, so that the efforts of the enemies, to cause differences in the Muslim platform may be unsuccessful.	The President Ahmade Nazad said in the message that that really show their view and to help the unjustly treated due to remove the effort of the enemy of Islam to make dispute between Muslim Umma.	President Ahmede Nejad has said in his message; You should show your true stance on Gaza and declare support for the oppressed, so that the enemy's efforts of planting differences in the Islamic block should fail.	President Ahmadinejad said in his message by delivering your true statement about Gaza and by clearly show the support of oppressors so that the attempts of creating differences among Muslims may fail.
President Ahmedinejad said in his address, that you know that the human atrocities that Israel is unrelentingly carrying out in Gaza for the last 19 days in which innocent children are being killed, and houses, mosques, schools and hospitals are being bombed in a beastly manner, and the Zionist government is massacring the helpless Muslims in Gaza. In such a situation, if leaders of your caliber remain quiet, it will be a sort of an encouragement for the Israeli leaders.	The President Ahmade Nazad said in the message that you know that Israel is to killing humanity from 19 days and killing the innocent children openly and bombing at houses, mosques, schools and hospitals and non Mulsims are killing openly and it encourage Israel.	President Ahmede Nejad has said in his message; You know that for the last 19 days Israel is bent upon human genocide, murdering innocent children, subjecting homes, mosques, schools and hospitals to barbaric bombing. The Zonist Regime is brutally murdering the unarmed Muslims in Gaza. In situations like these, silence on the part of leaders like you is only encouraging Israel.	President Ahmadinejad said in his message that you know that Israel is killing humans in Gaza since 19 days, killing innocent children, bombarding ruthlessly on the schools, Masjids, houses and hospitals. Jewish government is killing civilian Muslims in Gaza. in a situation like this silence of leaders like you is encouraging Israel.
President Ahmedinejad addressed King Abdullah, saying that non-Islamic countries like Venezuela and Bolivia have taken definite steps against Israel, so only better steps can be expected from you.	The President Ahmade Nazad said to Abdullah that like Winrola and Bolive non Muslim counties act against such doings of Israel and you should do this must.	President Ahmede Nejad has told Malik Abdullah that even non- Muslim countries like Valenzuela and Bolivia have taken concrete steps against Israel and that he is expected to take better steps.	President Ahmadinejad asked Malik Abdullah that non Muslim countries like Venezuela and Bolivia have taken solid steps against Israel and you are expected to do better than them.
President Ahmadinejad said that Palestine will be successful in Palestine.	The President Ahmade Nazad said that the succeed will be for Falastini Muslims in Ghaza.	President Ahmede Nejad told the Palestinians that success will be at their feet in Gaza.	President Ahmadinejad has said that Palestinians will succeed in Gaza.
And the oppressed will be successful over the oppressors, and this is the promise of Allah.	And unjustly treated will conquer over unjustly treater and it is the promise of Allah.	and Oppressed will win over the oppressors and thats Allah's promise.	and oppressed will defeat the cruel and it is the promise of Allah.
President George Bush: Terrorism is still a threat for America	The president Jarj Bush is a danger for terrorism on America.	President George Bush; Terrorism is still a threat to USA.	President George W. Bush terrorism for the United States is still threat.
Mehr news agency reported from German news agencies that American President George Bush said in his farewell speech, addressing his successor Barack Obama and the whole nation, that if compared to seven years ago, America is relatively safe, nevertheless, the threat of terrorism is still floating over the head of America.	It is narrated by an expert news reporter of German that the American president Jarj Bush said in his last speech to his coming Barak Obama and delivering the nation that America is not save from terrorism although is save as before 7 years.	MEHER/MAHAR news agency has copied with reference from the German news agency that the US President while addressing his successor Barak Obama and the nation in his farewell speech, said that though the US is safer than it was seven years ago but the threat of terrorism still looms over USA.	The Mehr news agency, the German news agency Mehr, the US president George Bush, in his valedictory speech and his successor, addressed the nation and said that if the height of seven years ago today the United States safe, but the threat of terrorism and the US round today.
The history of civilization shows how man always has to choose between making the right and the wrong use of the discoveries of science. This has never been more true than in our own age.	Mr. Bush said the terrorist are prepared to attack America and are waiting for the right moment and they have strong determination to attack. So America should not show any negligence for its national security.	Bush said that the enemy terrorists are waiting patiently to attack America, and they have a strong determination to attack America so America should never be unaware about its security.	Bush has said that the United States was designed to terrorist attack enemy sitting patience to set up Vine and to attack the United States of unflinching plans to the United States and its security should keep the inadvertent not.
In a brief period amazing discoveries have been made and applied to practical purposes. It has become platitude to say we are living in an age of revolution. it would be ungrateful not to recognize how immense are the boons which science has given to mankind. It has brought within reach of multitudes benefits and advantages which only a short time ago were the privilege of the few.it has shown how malnutrition, hunger and disease can be overcome.	The American President ignored the suffering of millions of Palestinian people and defended his aggressive and wrong policies. The American President said, America even today is the biggest country that supports freedom but experts don't buy this idea and are of the opinion that this claim is not  realistic because not only America is not the flag bearer of freedom but also not a supporter of human rights. In fact America is the biggest terrorist country in the world that not only is supporting the barbaric Israeli Government but also directly involved with Israel in committing the crimes.	The American President ignored the hurts and suffering of the hundreds of thousands of Palestinians in Gaza, and defended his policies saying that America is still the biggest supporter country of independence. However commentators do not accept the reality of the unpopular president's remarks, as America is neither a supporter of freedom, nor a supporter of human rights, but rather it is the most mischievous country in the world, which not only supports a blood thirsty country like Israel, but is also directly involved in its crimes.	The American president in the Gaza Strip, millions of Palestinians reduce the grief his aggressive and wrong US policies and defense of the president said today that the United States is the biggest freedom of the country, but observers supporters of the American president, these statements did not accept the reality because of freedom, the United States, nor pioneer human rights of the United States, but supporters in the world body to the Israeli government like the savage is not only crime, but in the direct.
It has not only lengthened life but it has deepened its quality. Fields of knowledge, experience and recreation often in the past only to a few have been thrown open to millions.	Israel is committing massacre by slaughtering children, women and common people and America's President is praising him. This is the humanity and freedom the America that the world is witnessing in Gaza and other parts of the world.	Israel, openly kills children, women and civilians and the American president is congratulating them. This is the American humanity and freedom which the world is seeing in Gaza and other places.	Israel children, women and of the common citizens is the president and the United States to hurrah is saying the US humanity and freedom in the world and other places of the world.
But the gifts of modern science can be misused.	Asama Hamadan in Philistine the dialog will continue to go on	Usama Hamdan: Presence of army in Palestine continues	Osama hamdan resistance will teach in Palestine and will continue
Through the work of science ordinary man today has been given the opportunity of a longer and fuller life than was ever possible to his grandparents. Most thankfully we must acknowledge all that science has done and is doing for the welfare of our race. but the gifts of modern science can be misused.	According to news agency's report the spokesmen for Hamas in Labnon Asama Hamadan talking to French news agency said that Israel's one sided cease fire is against the United Nations initiative and until Israel is present in Gaza the cease fire is meaningless.	According to a report by Mehr News Agency, the Hamas leader in Lebanon, Usamah Hamdan told French News Agency, during an interview, that the one sided ceasefire from Israels side is against the comprehensive international efforts for a ceasefire. He said that as long as Israel is present in Gaza, a one sided ceasefire is meaningless.	The Mehr news agency, the report of HAMAS, according to representatives of Lebanon Osama hamdan French to discuss with the news agency, said that the Israel unilaterally by the cease-fire comprehensive cease-fire International against the efforts he said the present in the Gaza Ø§israel will continue until the cease-fire, one meaningless.
The motor-driven vehicle facilitates business and gives harmless enjoyment to many; but it can strew the roads with dead and dying-over more causalities in one year in this country alone.	He further said that one sided cease fire is a failed attempt by the Israel to avoid a defeat. If Israel wants sustainable peace then it would not only needs to end the siege of Gaza but also accept the terms proposed by Hamas.	He said that the one sided ceasefire was an unsuccessful effort of Israel to escape defeat. Hamdan said that if Israel wants long term peace, it will have to accept Hamas's conditions as well as end this siege.	He said that the cease-fire, one to avoid defeat Israel is trying hamdan said that if Israel wants peace stable that it with the BESIEGE Hamas to end the addition to accept the conditions
The cinema is a means of instruction and recreation opening magic casements, but it is often any channel of vulgarity and false values.	The representative of Hamas in Lebanon clarified further that if Israel proposed the one sided cease fire with the presence of Israeli troops in the belt of Gaza, Hamas will still continue to confront the Israel.	The Hamas leader in Lebanon made it clear that if Israel tries a one sided ceasefire with its army remaining in the Gaza belt, there will be resistance against it.	Hamas leader in Lebanon have made it clear that the Gaza Strip, in the rest of the Israeli army if the cease-fire Israel against the resistance will continue.
The wireless can link the world together in a moment of time, but it can also be the instrument of lying propaganda. The aeroplane makes travel rapid and easily.	In Beirut, attending a conference in solidarity with the Gaza people Asama Hamadan asked the European countries to discontinue diplomatic relations with Israel.	Addressing a one way conference from Beirut, the Usamah Hamdan called for the European countries to break ties with Israel.	In the Gaza Strip Beirut with the unity while addressing the Conference, the European countries Osama hamdan relations with Israel to cut deliver worse.
It can also become a weapon of destruction. It is this two-fold aspect of the use to which science can be put that has raised in an acute form the question.	The representative of Hamas said that with the increasing number of Martyrs and injured people in Gaza our resolve is getting even more stronger for our cause.	The Hamas leader said that the increasing numbers of the martyred and injured will only increase our determination.	Hamas leader said that the martyrs of the injured and increasing the number of our courage and determination and will be raised.
It is morally justifiable to make any perfect discoveries an inventions which can be used for purpose of destruction.	He emphasized on the Palestine people that they should be as a solid rock against the enemy and continue to resist strongly.	He told the Palestinian public to stay firmly rooted and resist the enemy like a boulder.	The Palestinian people he has said that the war against the enemy in a rock resistance.
In north waziristan the tribal areas of Pakistan ,six people have been murdered by Taliban.	Pakistan: Taliban have killed 6 people in the Pakistani tribal region of north Waziristan.	Taliban have killed six people in Pakistan's tribal area of north Wazirastan.	Pakistan, six men have been killed by Taliban in tribal area of Pakistan North Waziristan.
A news agency quoted the transcript from writers that in the tribal area of North Waziristan two afghan citizens and four Pakistanis have been murdered, blamed for spying	Mehr news agency reports from Reuters that two Afghan civilians and four Pakistanis were killed after having been accused of being spies, by the Taliban, in the Pakistani tribal region of North Waziristan.	meher reporting agency copied with reference to rueters that taliban have killed 2 Afghans and 4 Pakistanis over accusation of espionage in Pakistan's tribal area of north Wazirastan.	Translation of the second sentence goes here.
According to the information on Tuesday morning local residents found 4 dead bodies .in the area of tehsil choke ,which is the suburb of sub district Mir Ali .they were killed with bullets.	According to reports the local people found four bullet ridden bodies in the Mir Ali province, at the Tahseel circle.	according to reports, on Tuesday morning locals found four dead bodies from tehsil chowk in Tehsil Mir Ali, who were shot dead.	According to information on Tuesday morning local people discovered 4 dead bodies killed by bullets in Tehsil Chowk of Tehsil Mir Ali.
Whereas two more dead bodies were found from the main area of miranshah ,they were thrown in the market of a bazaar .	Two more bodies were found at central region Meeran Shah which were disposed of in a market area.	whereas two dead bodies were found in capital Miranshah who were thrown in the market of a Bazaar.	Whereas two dead bodies were found in capital Miran Shah thrown in a market.
Letters written in Urdu were also found close the corpses ,claimed that dead were killed for spying .	Near the bodies were letters written in Urdu, in which it was claimed that these people were spies.	Letters written in Urdu have also been found near the dead bodies in which it is claimed that the dead were involved in espionage.	Urdu written letters were also found nearby dead bodies in which the victims were blamed espionage.
Two weeks earlier in miranshsh  the capital of North Waziristan ,two afghan citizens were also killed accused for spying .	Two weeks ago, two Afghan natives were killed in the central region of North Waziristan, Meeran Shah, for having been spies.	also, two weeks earlier, in Miranshah, capital of north Wazirastan, two Afghanis were killed over accusations of espionage.	2 weeks earlier in Miran Shah capital of North Waziristan 2 Afghan men were killed on the charge of espionage.
During the last twelve days days fifteen people have been killed over the accusation of spying for America.	In the last 12 days, 15 people were killed on the accusation of being spies for America.	over last twelve days, fifteen people have been killed over charges of espionage for America.	15 men have been killed on the charge of spying for America during last 12 days.
It should be known that over one hundred people have been killed during the last 6 years ,accused  for spying .Taliban have been blamed for these kinds of murder cases.	It should be known that within the last 6 years, more than 100 people were killed on the accusation of spying, in south and north Waziristan. Taliban is accused of being involved in such cases.	it should be clear that during last six years more than a hundred people have been killed in South and north Wazirastan on accusations of espionage. Taliban are accused of being involved in these murder cases.	Note that during last 6 years more than 100 men have been killed on the charge of espionage in Southern and Northern Waziristan, Taliban are blamed for such murders.
Barak obama is expected to sign to order for the closer of notorious Guantanamo bay jail.	It is expected that president Barack Obama will sign the order for closing down the most notorious Guatanamo Bay jail.	Barak Obama is expected to undersign the closure orders of the infamous Guantanamo bay prison.	Barack Obama is expected to sign the order of closing of notorious Guantanamo be Prison.
Important news agency copied from the sources saying that American president will be signing today for the closer of Guantanamo bay.	Mehr news agency report sources to say that the American president will sign the order for closing down the most notorious Guatanamo Bay jail.	Mehr reporting agency has copied through sources that today the American president will sing the orders of the closure of the infamous Guantanamo bay prison.	According to the resources of Mother news agency that today American President will sign the order of closing of notorious Guantanamo be Prison.
The new American president Barak Hussain Obana started acting upon his electing aim at low standerd.	Newly elected American President has started to implement his election manifesto at surface level	The new American president, Barack Husain Obama started working on his campaign promises at the surface level.	New American President Barack Hussein Obama has started to fulfill his promises of election campaign.
About it he directed a plan to American force to come back from Iraq although today the American president will sign at the order to close the bad named jail Gwantana.	For this Obama has asked to plan the exit of American army from Iraq. Today Obama will signed the order to seize the Guantanamo Bay jail.	In this regards, President Obama called for making a plan on calling the army back from Iraq, while the American president will sign an order today, to close the notorious Guatenamo Bay jail.	In this regard President Obama has instructed to plan for withdrawal of American Army from Iraq, whereas today American President will sign the order of closing of notorious Guantanamo be Prison.
It is expected that The President Obama is to sign at this order today according to that the jail of Gwanta will be closed at least in one year.	It is expected that after obama's approval Guantanamo Bay jail would be closed within a year.	It is being expected that President Barack Obama will probably sign on the order today, through which the Guatenamo prison will be closed within one year.	It is expected that President Barack Obama is about to sign an order by which Guantanamo be Prison will be closed within a year.
With this the second watching on inspection ways for doubtful terrorists and also it is expected that rough talking with prisoners is stopped.	It is expected that White house will review the investigative methods from suspected terrorists. Misbehavior with prisoners can also be banned.	Apart from this, the White House is expected to revise suspected terrorism investigation methods and ban ill treatment of prisoners during interrogation.	Moreover Wight House is expected to release orders about the revision of investigation procedure for dubious terrorists and ban on using rubbish language with prisoners.
The president Obama started to fulfill his promises at election day first of all he will make his government clear in saying and doing.	Obama has started to implement his election manifesto on very first day of his tenure. He has taken many steps to make the governance transparent and functional.	President Barack Obama started to fulfill his election campaign promises from his first day in office, and first of all started by taking steps towards making the actions and working of the government transparent.	President Barack Obama has started to work from the first day of his presidency on his promises of election band first of all took measures to transparent the deeds and sayings of his government.
It is the saying of soothsayers that the American president started to save the falling goodwill of America at world level but his success is difficult due to helping blooding govt. of Israel therefor any good deed is not expected in this helping and if America want to save his goodwill then it should stop helping Israel and must not participate in the criminals of Israel.	Experts say that is daunting task for obama to restore the international image of US. To obtain its lost credibility, American has to review its pro-Israel policies.	Experts say that the American president has started making efforts to save the falling image of America throughout the world, but that would be difficult for it, because as long as it will keep supporting the blood thirsty Israeli government, it can not be expected to do anything good. Therefore if America wants to save its image, it will have to stop its support of Israel and have to disassociate itself from Israel's crimes.	Observers say that American President has started the struggle to strengthen the reducing cadre of America on International level but his success rate is very low as till the time America supports the brutal government of Israel nothing good is expected from America. If America wishes to raise his cadre in the world then she must back off from Israel support and must not participate in her crimes.
Tone Blayer:There is compulsory need to participate Islamic organization in dialogs.	Tony Blare expressed importance to engage Hamas in Dialogue.	Tony Blair stresses upon the need to include Islamic organization, Hamas in the talks	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 567
It is narrated by a expert news report Britan agency The Times that the previous prime minister of U.K. Toni Blayer stressed at participating the Hammas in the peace of Middle East.	While talking to 'Times', a UK based newspaper, Former UK primer minister said that Hamas's participation is must for peace in middle east.	Mehr news agency quoted from the Britain newspaper, The Times, that former Prime Minister Tony Blair stressed upon the need to include Hamas in the talks, to bring about peace in the Middle East.	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 568
According to the newspaper Tone Blayer said that the way should be searched to participate Hammas in the peace of Middle East.Blayer criticized at ignoring Hammas and talking with Mahmood Abbas only.It should be known also that the Western countries want to talk with Hammas after knowing his power although before it they told Hmmmas as a terrorist organization which is defending his country and struggling to freeing his home from others although Israel has illegal hand on the houses and the country of Falastin.	According to the Newspaper, Tony is on the quest to find a right solution to bring peace in Middle East. He criticized the Bush Administration's attitude of negligence towards Hamas.  Western countries has realized the public and administrative power of Hamas. In past, Hamas was considered a Terroist organisation, a terrorist organisation which is struggling for the freedom of its homeland;immorally occupied by the Israel Govt.	According to the newspaper, Tony Blair said that it is important that a path be found for bringing Hamas into the Middle East peace process. Blair criticized the Bush administration for speaking only to Mahmood Abbas and ignoring Hamas. It should be clear that the western countries have realized the democratic and organizational powers of Hamas and are calling for bringing them into the talks, whereas previously they used to consider it a terrorist organization. A terrorist organization which is trying to defend its country and struggling to save its own house from the clutches of others. Whose house and country have been in the hand of the occupying Israeli government for 60 years.	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 569
The murder of merchants in Karachi, Total strike in Koeta	Baloch businessmen killed in Karachi, a complete shutter down in Quetta.	Murder of Balochistan merchants in Karachi, Complete strike in Quetta	Assassination of Baloch traders in Karachi, complete strike in Quetta.
There was strike in Karachi,Koeta and some other areas against the death of 4 merchants at Thursday.	Against the killing of the four traders of Baluchistan in Karachi, there was full strike on Thursday in Kwetta and other areas.	Due to the death of four merchants from Balochistan in Karachi, a complete strike was in effect on Thursday against it, in Quetta and some other places.	Complete strike was observed in Quetta and some other areas against murder of four Baluchi traders in Karachi.
During this all business centers were closed although the trafic was in low position.	During this all the trading centers were kept closed where as the traffic was less than normal.	In this period all business centers remained closed, whereas traffic was also less than normal.	During this all the trade centers remained close traffic was also less then normal.
The strike call was from Union merchants Balochan,Pashto Milli Public Party and Jmeiat ulmay Islam whom blamed Karachi police that they were the miss firing of the police when those porsons reached the van showroom.	The Union of Baluchistan Traders, the Pashtunkhuwah Public Party and the Islamic Ulema Committee has appealed for the strike, who have charged that the Karachi Police opened firing on these traders at the time when they were driving their car reaching near their cars showroom on Tarriq Road.	The protesting strike was called by the 'Anjuman Tajiran Balochistan' (Balochistan Trade Union), Pushtunkhwah Milli Awami Party and the Jamiat-e-Ulama-e-Islam. They accused the Karachi police of having openly fired at these merchants, when they were going by car to their vehicle showroom on Tariq road.	The protest was called by Baluchistan trades organization, Pakhtunkhah Milli Awami Party AND JUI who blamed that Karachi Police has allegedly killed them  by firing when they reached their car showroom at Tariq Road.
The president of Merchant Union Abdurrahim Kakron showed his want that the disable police men should be taken action against them.	The leader of Traders Union Abdul Rahim Kakkar asked to arrest the accused policemen of the incident and call an inquiry against them.	The president of the Anjuman Tajiran, Abdur Raheem Kakad demanded that the guilty police agents should be arrested and action should be taken against them.	Abdul Rahim Kakar President of Traders Organization has demanded that police officials involved in the incident should be arrested and punished.
How ever the aim of Karachi police did not came in showing after this being.	Unfortunately, regarding the incident the role of the Karachi police was not recalled immediately.	However, the stand of the Karachi police about this incident was not immediately clear.	However no instant statement of police has arrived.
The dead persons belonged the frontier city Chaman.	The four traders who were killed belonged to the capital city Chaman.	All four of the dead merchants were from the border city of Chaman.	The killed traders belonged to the city of Chaman.
On the time of strike many arrangements were under taken by government and there were police at main points.	During the strike on behalf of the government security arrangements were made at the biggest and the police were appointed on the main places of the whole city.	A large amount of security was provided by the government during the strike, and police officers were posted throughout the city, at important locations.	Government arranged security vastly during strike and police was deployed at all the important places of the city.
The commander of Hammas was killed in Israelian attack.	In the Israel attack the senior commander of Hamas got killed.	A senior commander of Hamas was killed in Israeli attack.	Senior Hamas Commander died in Israeli attack
A main person of Hammas was killed in a air attack by Israel.	In the Israel air strike on of the senior commander of Hamas got killed.	In an air attack by Israel, a senior Hamas commander was killed.	In an air strike of Israel a senior commander of Hamas has died.
It was the second main person of Hammas resulted by the attacks of Israel in the Line of Ghaza.	This was the second important personality of Hamas who got killed during the week long attacks of Israel on the lands of Ghaza.	This is the second death of an important Hamas figure, in the week long Israeli attacks on the Gaza belt.	It is the death of 2nd Hamas leader in Israel continual attack for a week in Gaza Strip.
Officials of Hammas have said that Abu Zakaria Al Jamal was killed on Saturday in his palace located in North of Gaza city.	The office bearer of Hamas has said that Abu Zakaria Al Jamal died on Saturday in the Al Shujahia street, located in the east of Gaza City.	Hamas officeholders said that Abu Zakariyya AlJamaal was killed in Shujaaiyah palace in the east of Gaza city, on Saturday.	Hamas officials said that Abu Zakaria Aljamal died in Alshujai palace situated in the East of Gaza city on Saturday.
Scholar Nazar Rayyan of Hammas was killed  in another aerial attack by Israel on Thursday.	In another air attack on Thursday,the scholar of Hamas Alam Nazar Rehan was also killed.	In another air attack by Israel, on Thursday, Aalam Nazar Ra'iyan was killed.	In another Israeli air strike scholar of Hamas Nazaar Rayyan was died on Thursday.
Residing in Rome, Hammas's exiled leader Khalid Mashal has expressed taking revenge and threatened Israel with a ground attack.	The Hamas expatriate leader living in Syria Khalid Mashal has shown his will to take revenge and warned Israel against ground attack.	Hamas's evacuated leader, who stays in Syria, Khalid Mushil has promised to take revenge and warned Israel of launching a land attack on Gaza.	Exile leader of Hamas Khalid Mashal residing in Syria resolved to take revenge and warned Israel for ground attack on Gaza.
There are thousands of soldiers and tanks of Israel placed on the border of Gaza and they are waiting for fighting orders.	Thousands of Israeli soldiers and tanks are located at Gaza Border and they are waiting for the orders to attack.	Thousands of Israeli tanks and soldiers are posted at the Gaza border, and they are waiting for orders to attack.	Thousand of soldiers and tanks are deployed on Gaza border, they are waiting for orders of launching attack.
America has appealed for a cease fire. But has said that decision of fighting on Gaza is based on Israel.	The Americans have appealed for the cease fire but they have said that the decision to attack Gaza or not will be taken by Israel.	America has called for a ceasefire, but said that it is up to Israel, whether to attack Gaza or not.	America has appealed for ceasefire. but said that the decision of launching the attack on Gaza depends on Israel.
American President George Bush, on his weekly radio speech, has accused Hammas of excitation to aggravate violence. And has adjudged their rocket attacks on Israel as terrorism.	President George Bush in his weekly address on radio has accused Hamas of increasing atrocities in order to aggravate the situation and termed it's Rocket Attacks on Israel as terrorism.	American President, George Bush said on his weekly speech on radio, that Hamas was escalating the situation, and he said that their attacks on Israel amounted to terrorism.	American President George Bush in his weekly speech on radio blamed Hamas of provoking for inflaming violence and declared its rocket attacks in Israel terrorism.
He has said that America is working on cease fire. But one-way agreement will not be accepted.	He has said that America is working for the cease fire but any one sided pact will not be acceptable.	He said that America would work for a ceasefire, but any one sided settlement would not be acceptable.	He said that America is struggling for ceasefire, but one sided agreement will not be acceptable.
Three dead bodies found in the Northern Waziristan.	Three dead bodies recovered in North Waziristan	Bodies found in North Waziristan	Three bodies were recovered in North Waziristan .
Pakistani security officials have said that three dead bodies are found in the tribal areas of Northern Waziristan.	The officials of Pakistani security forces has said that  dead bodies three men have been recovered from the tribal area of North Waziristan	Pakistani Security officials said that the bodies of three people were found in the tribal regions of North Waziristan.	Pakistani security officials said that in the North Waziristan tribal region, three men were dead and bodies were found.
There is doubt that Taliban have killed them by giving them death sentence.	There is a doubt that Taliban has killed them by giving them death sentences.	It is suspected that Taliban gave them the death penalty and killed them.	Suspected Taliban, they killed to death.
These dead bodies are found near the main city Meran Shah of northern Waziristan. And with them, such notes are found in which these men are blamed to be American spies.	These bodies were found near the capital city of north Waziristan, Meeran Shah, and such papers were found on them on which accusations of their spying for America were written.	Two dead bodies were found new Miran shah with letters. They were blamed as spying for US.	The bodies central city of North Waziristan near Miran Shah and the are such letters in the United States for the men to spying has been accused of.
Officials said that probably one of the bodies is of the man who was kidnapped last week.	Officials say that perhaps one of these bodies belonged to the local person who was kidnapped last week.	Officials said that one dead body might be of a local person  kidnapped last week.	Officials said that a dead body in the local authorities probably the man who was kidnapped last week.
He said that the other two bodies damaged with bullets are of Afghan inhabitants.	They said that the two remaining bullet ridden bodies belonged to Afghani citizens.	They disclosed that the other two dead bodies were of afghan citizens.	He said the rest of the colander to move bullets Afghan residents of two bodies.
Israeli attacks on Gaza continue on the 10th day	Israeli attacks continue for a tenth day, in Gaza.	10th day of Israel attack on Ghaza.	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 594
A Palestinian child injured in the Israel missile attack.   Israel ground army is fighting with the troops of Hammas in the entire area of Gaza strip where as Israeli aerial army continued attacks on the area's of militant groups on the 10th day.	Palestinian children injured in Israeli missile attacks. All along the Gaza belt, the Israeli army is fighting against Hamas soldiers, while the Israeli air force is attacking suspected residences of the militant groups, for the tenth continuous day, in the region.	The philistine child that was wounded by Israel missile attack.  Israeli army is fighting against the armed men of Hamas in Ghaza. Israeli air force is striking against the shelters of Philistine fighters.	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 595
The defense minister of Israel, Ehud Barack, said on Monday that they will continue the army operation until the people of Southern Israel are safe from the rocket attacks of Hammas.	The Israeli defense minister Yahud Barak, said on Monday, that the attacks will continue as long as the people of south Israel are not safe from Hamas rocket firing.	Israeli defense minister said that operation will remain till south Israel is not made safe from the rocket attacks of Hamas.	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 596
Although, besides the attacks of Israel, the rocket firing is continued from the side of Hammas in which four people including three local citizens are killed.	However, despite Israeli attacks, the rocket firing from Hamas's side has continued, due to which four people, including three civilians have died.	However, Hamas firing rocket despite Israeli attacks. 4 casualties have reported, 3 of them are civilians.	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 597
Leader of Hammas, Mahmood Zuhr on monday insisted on his friends to demolish the Israeli Army and target local Israeli residents.	Hamas leader Mahmood Zuhr pressured his companions on Monday, to destroy the Israeli army and target Israeli civilians.	Mehmood Zafar, a Hamas leader asks his soldiers to crush Israeli soldiers.	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 598
But one official of Hammas said that they plan to send a delegation to Egypt on Monday to think about the current violent situation of their party.	However, Hamas leaders say that the organization is planning to send a delegation to Egypt, on Monday, to think over the new developments.	According to an official of hamas, Hamas is planning to send a envoy to Egypt to discuss the latest situation	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 599
In Gaza one Palestinian woman injured. Medical sources in Gaza said that during the last 10 days almost 530 people have been killed and these also include those 11 civilians in which at least there were five children.	A wounded women in Gaza. Medical sources say that over the last ten days, about 530 people have died, including the 11 people who died on Monday, of which 5 were children.	A wounded woman in ghaza. According to medical staff during last 10 days nearly 530 people have lost their lives. 11 civilians, including 5 young children were killed on Monday.	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 600
Israel informed of the death of one soldier and 30 more injured in the ground attack.	Israel, in a ground attack, has reported one soldier killed and 10 more injured.	Israel has reported the death of one soldier and the injury of 30 others in land attacks.	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 601
Israel has stopped foreign reporters from entering Gaza to cover army action.	Israel has stopped journalist, to do reporting on the military action, from entering Gaza.	Israel has stopped other-national journalists from entering Gaza, for investigating military action.	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 602
Elected vice president Joseph Biden has reached Pakistan.	the elected vice president of America, Joseph Biden has reached Pakistan.	The elected American Vice President, Joseph Biden reached Pakistan.	Elected Vice President of America Joseph Biden reaches Pakistan
Foreign Minister received American elected Vice president.	the Foreign Minister welcomed the American Vice President.	The foreign minister received the elected American Vice President.	Foreign Minister received the elected Vice President of America
American elected vice president Joseph Biden has reached Islamabad on his trip to Pakistan with his delegation on Friday.	the elected Vice President of America along with his delegates have reached Islamabad  or Friday on a tour to Pakistan.	The elected American Vice President, Joseph Biden reached Islamabad on Friday, along with his group, for his tour of Pakistan.	America's Vice President Joseph Biden has reached Islamabad on his visit to Pakistan on Friday with his delegation.
Foreign minister Shah Mehmood Qureshi and American Embassy officials welcomed them.	Foreign Minister Shah Mehmood Qureshi and higher officials of the American consulate welcome them.	The foreign minister, Shah Mahmood Qureishi and the high ambassadors of the American Embassy received him.	Foreign Minister Shah Mehmood Qureshi and high ups of American Embassy received them.
American senator Lindsy Graham is also with Biden in this tour.	American senator Lindsy Graham is also accompanying Biden in this visit.	Ameican senator Lindsy Graham is also with Biden on this trip.	American Senator Lindsy Graham is also accompanying Biden.
Press officer of American embassy, Lu Finter has told Voice of America that the new elected president will talk about different regional issues with Pakistan government in his tour. Although he refrained from giving more details.	Press officer of the American embassy Luo Fentern told voice of America that the elected vice president will discuss different regional issues with Pakistani officials but he restrained from giving more details.	The Press Officer of the American Embassy, Lou Fintor told the Voice of America that the newly elected President, would talk to the Pakistani government about various regional issues during his tour. However, he avoided giving more detail.	Press Officer of American Embassy Lew Fenter told Voice of America, during his tour newly elected President will discuss several regional affairs with Pakistani Leadership, however he refused to disclose further details.
According to the sources of foreign office, Joseph Biden will also meet Army chief General Ashfaq Parvez Kiyani besides other high government officials.	sources from Foreign office say that apart from government officials, Joseph Biden will also meet the Chief of army staff General Ashfaq Pervez Kiani.	According to sources in the Office of the External Ministry, Joseph Biden would meet with various officeholders in the government, as well as with Army Chief Ashfaq Pervez Kiyani.	According to Foreign Office Joseph Biden will also meet Army Chief General Ashfaq Pervez Kiani along with high ups of government.
It is expected that during these meetings, war against terrorism will also be discussed besides important bilateral and international issues.	it is expected that apart from bilateral and global issues, war on terror related issues will also be discussed.	It is expected that apart from important bilateral and global issues, matters related to the war against terrorism will also be discussed in these meetings.	It is hoped that in these meetings beside important bilateral and International issues war against terrorism will also be discussed.
Joseph Biden was awarded Hilal-e-Pakistan.	Joseph Biden was awarded with Hilal a Imtiaz..	Joseph Biden awarded the Pakistan Crescent	Joseph Biden has been awarded the Hilal e Pakistan
After arriving in Islamabad, Joseph Biden met with President Asif Ali Zardari.	After reaching In Islamabad Joseph biden met with president Asif zardari	After reaching Islamabad, Joseph Biden met President Asif Ali Zardari	After reaching Islamabad Joseph Biden met President Asif Ali Zardari.
During the meeting the president presented him with Hilal-e-Pakistan on playing an important role in forming close relations between Pakistan and America.	In the meeting he was awarded with Hila a Imtiaz by president Zardari.. He played an important role to build up friendly relations  between America and Pakistan .	During their meeting, in recognition of his efforts in increasing ties between Pakistan and America, the President awarded him with the Pakistan Crescent.	In meeting President awarded him the Hilal e Pakistan medal for playing his role in the establishment of closer ties between America and Pakistan.
Please have it cleared that last year Joseph Biden, together with Senator Richard Lugar, introduced a Bill as a chairman of Foreign Affair committee, favoring the increase in  America's foreign army provision to Pakistan in the coming 5 years by 3% to a total of 5.7 billion dollars.	It should be known that Joe byden was the head of the foreign relation committee, in which he with the help of Senator Richard logar introduced a bill in which they have requested America that the defense aid of Pakistan should be increased to 5.7 billions in the next 5 years.	It should be clear that Joseph Biden had introduced a bill along with Senator Richard Logger as the chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee of the American Senate, in which it was proposed that during the next five years there is a tripling in the amount of military aid given to Pakistan, making it 15.7 Billion Dollars.	It should be noted that Joseph Biden as the Chairman of Committee for foreign relations of American Senate with collaboration of Senator Richard Lugar introduced a bill which proposed a 3 times increase making it 5.7 billion dollars civilian aid for next five years to Pakistan.
Joe Biden played an important role in removing the previous president Parvez Musharaf, Prime Minister Gilani	He played a major role to ask former president Perveiz Musharaf for the removal of his uniform	Joe Biden played an important role in removing Musharraf's uniform, Prime Minister Geelani.	Former President Pervez Musharraf's uniform has played an important role in Prime Minister Geelani's life.
Yusuf Raza Gilani and Joe Biden ( File Photo)	yousaf raza and joeseph biden file photo.	Yusuf Riza Geelani and Joe Biden (File Photo)	Yousuf Raza Gilani and the Musharraf(file photo)
Prime Minister Yusuf Raza Gilani has stated that America's Vice President candidate Joe Biden has played an important role in making Parvez Musharaf leave as Army Chief of Staff. And Joe Biden has also helped a lot for democracy in Pakistan.	The prime minister stated that American Elected vice president played an important role for the removal of  Perveiz musharafs uniform and to change his mind as the head of army chief .Joe biden also had helped Pakistan for the restoration of democracy .	The Prime Miniter, Yusuf Riza Geelani said that the American newly elected Vice President played an important role in removing former President Pervez Musharraf from the position of Army Chief, and that Joe Biden helped Democracy in Pakistan considerably.	The Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani said that the United States elected the vice president so that the former President Pervez Musharraf may leave the army uniform and the post of the important role in the democracy.
Yusuf Raza Gilani made this statement during a talk with the press in Shipyard, Karachi.	Yousaf raza Gillani gave this statement while addressing the news reporters in  Karachi ship yard	Yusuf Raza Geelani gave this statement, speaking to journalists in the Karachi shipyard.	Yusuf Raza Gilani at the Karachi ship yard statement talking to the journalists.
He said that Joe Biden is Pro-Pakistan or supports Pakistan. And he, as a chairperson of Foreign Affair Committee of American Senate, presented a bill of 15 billion dollars aid for Pakistan.	He said  that Joe byden is a pro Pakistani or he is the friend of Pakistan . As the chairman of foreign committee he introduced 15 billion dollars aid bill for Pakistan	He said that Joseph Biden was a Pro-Pakistan leader and as chairman of the committee for foreign relations of the American Senate, he passed a bill for aiding Pakistan with 15 Billion dollars	He said that the Chairman of US Senate Foreign Affairs Committee of Pakistan remained a supporter of the Leader and has given 15 billion dollars aids to the bill.
On protesting against missile attacks done by American investigating jets, Prime Minister Pakistan said that Pakistan has no agreement with American government on permitting such attacks and according to him, this is a matter of Pakistan's despotism therefore they can not permit attacks of these kind on any condition in the country's premises.	Once again we condemned the deadly missile attack by the American spy plane in Pakistani territory. the prime minister said ,there is no treaty with America in which we have authorized them for these kind of attacks .according to the prime minister this is the matter of Pakistans integrity .how can we allow them for these kind of attacks in our territory .	About the missile attacks by American spy planes within Pakistani boundaries, the Pakistani Prime Minister once more derogated them saying that there is no agreement with the American government about allowing such attacks as according to him, it was a matter of Pakistani sovereignty and hence by no means could they give permission for such attacks within their territory.	The American spy planes flew in Pakistani territory and this was condemned by the prime minister of Pakistan. He said such attacks were against the agendas of the American government and the agreement.
he also expressed a hope that after the succession of the new American government, change will come to the American policy as well.	they also showed that hope that after American new goverment came on Power American policy would also be changed.	They have also showed hope that after coming to the leadership of the new government in America there will be changes in the American policy.	He has also expressed that the new Government in the United States has changed the policy after coming into  power.
(File Photo)	(File Photo)	(File Photo)	(file photo)
Yusuf Raza Gilani has said that the government has successfully separated taliban from ordinary tribesmen but the drone attacks have proven to be very harmful to the efforts of the government and the terrorists once again join hands with the local tribes.	Yousuf Rza Gilani said that government get separated terrorist from ordinary tribes sucessfully but due to UAV missile air strike that made goverment effort worthless and it cause terrorist again enclose with tribes.	Yousef Raza Geelani had said that the government had divided the terrorism from the general tribes was successful but the missile attack from the spy air crafts had caused disaster to the governments efforts and the terrorists again get included with the tribal area.	Yousuf Raza Gilani has said that the Government was successful in treating the terrorists as separate from the tribal but the aircraft missiles during the attack by the government efforts were harmful and proved terrorist also get with the tribes.
he said that the international community agrees to this stance of Pakistan.	he said that International world accept Pakistan this averment.	They had said that the United Nations members accepts the situation with Pakistan.	He said that the international community will stand.
Prime Minister added that if reliable evidence is provided, then the Pakistani Forces will operate itself in its own territory.	Prime minister also said that if any trustful evidence given so Pakistani forces take action on there area by itself.	The Vice President had said that if anyone from the tribes testifies then the Pakistan Forces themselves will do the investigations in their areas.	The prime minister further said that if no reliable evidences are given by themselves then Pakistan forces will take action in the areas.
prime minister yusuf Raza Gilani repeated his stance over Mumbai attacks and said that if India provides evidence, then investigation will be carried out on its basis and if there is any proof of someone's involvement, he will be dealt according to the laws of the country.	about Mumbai attack Pakistani prime minister resaid his averment that if India give evidence so according to that investigation would made and if some one found in this activity so take an action against him accourding to national law.	Over the attacks on Mumbai the Vice President Yousef Raza Geelani had repeated his opinion that if India sends the witness then they will investigate on that basis and if there is anyone involved then there will be an investigation against them in the National Law.	The Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani has said that if there are evidences and proof of their involvement in the attacks at Mumbai in India it will be investigated and legal action would be taken according.
while answering a question about Rehman Malik's tour to Britain and his meeting with the MQM leader Altaf Hussain, the Prime Minister said that Rehman Malik went to London on his approval.	Reman Malik tour to Britain and he replies a question about his meeting with MQM leader Altaf Hussain that he tour Britain by permeation of prime minister.	On behalf of the tour of Rahman Malik to Britain and meeting with his MQM leader Altaaf Hussain, answering a question the Vice President said that Rahman Malik went to London on his permission.	The tour by Rahman and the MQM leader Altaf Hussain to Britain was in response to the meeting of the Rahman with the Prime Minister.
Quetta, four policemen including DSP killed.	Queta, including DSP four police men killed.	Qwetta, with the DSP four police members killed	Quetta, DSP, including four police personnel were killed
File Photo	File Photo.	File photo	The file photo
on an important highway of Quetta, Saryab road, firing by unknown people killed four policemen including DSP 'Deputy Superintendent of Police".	Queta's one important highway Siryab road through unknown persons firing one DSP Deputy Superintendent Police, including four police men killed.	On Qwettta's one important Shah Rah Saryab Road by the unknown persons firing with one DSP 'Deputy Superintendent of Police' four police members were killed.	The Quetta saryab road, highway in firing by unknown persons DSP 'a deputy Superintendent including the police force police personnel.
On Monday morning, a jeep carrying two DSP's one Sub Inspector and two constables was traveling towards the police training center when two people sitting on a motorcycle near the degree college on Siryaab road started firing at them without any provocation, resulting in the death of Sub Inspector Mehdi, Constable Sibghatullah and Nasrullah died on the spot, while DSP Hasan Ali died upon reaching the hospital.	On Wednesday morning 2 DSPS and1 sub inspector and 2 constables were  aheading towards police training centre when they were attacked  by unknown assailants near a degree college on saryaab road .attackers started shooting at their jeep for unknown reasons . Sub inspector Marri and Constable Sibghat Ullah and Nasrullah got killed right on the spot .and one DSP Hassan Ali died right after reaching in hospital.	Wednesday Morning in 1 jeep 2 DSP, 1 Sub Inspector and 2 Constable were on the way to Police Training Center, on Sariab Road near Degree College an unknown rider on motor cycle has attacked on police jeep and was firing continuously, in this attack Sub Inspector Mehdi and Constable Sibgat ul llah and nasr ul llah has died on spot but 1 DSP Hasan Ali has died after reaching hospital	On Wednesday morning in a jeep two DSP, a Sub-inspector and two constable of police training center was going on saryab road, near degree College on a motorcycle rider unknown attackers jeep police opened fire, sub-Inspector Mehdi and constable, were killed on the spot while one DSP Hasan Ali died after reaching the hospital died of severe injuries.
Hospital sources say that the other injured DSP Ghulam Muhammad's situation is also critical, and he has been shot in the neck and the head.	According to the hospital sources that other DSP Ghulam Muhammad who is swearly injured is in critical condition. He has received bullet wounds on his head and neck.	From Source of Hospital they said that the second DSP Ghulam Mohammed is very serious as he is severely injured and he got a bullet shot in his head and Neck	Hospital sources say that the severe injuries DSP Ghulam Mahmud critical condition and they also head bullets in his neck and began.
After the incident, the police have surrounded the area, but as of yet, no one has accepted responsibility for the incident.	After this incident police cordoned the entire area . till now no one has claimed the responsibility for this attack.	After this incident police has besiege that area, till now no one has accepted the Responsibility of this Attack	After the incident, police surrounded area so far in the responsibility of the incident will not accept any.
The death of another Indian software engineer in America	Death of another Indian soft wear engineer in America.	In America one more Indian Software Engineer has been murdered	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 634
Another software engineer belonging to Andhra Pradesh has been shot and killed by unknown attackers.	In America another soft wear engineer got killed through gun shots by unknown Assailants. He belonged from Andhra pardash.	In America an unknown person has killed a software engineer who belongs to Andhra Pradesh	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 635
26 year old Akshay Vishal of Secunderanadwas shot two days ago by unidentified assailants in the state of Arkansas. Vishal died in the hospital while undergoing treatment two days later.	26 years old Akshay wishal who belonged from sikandar abad got killed 2 days ago by the unknown assailants in the state of Arkansas .he died in hospital while getting the medical treatment.	2 days before an unknown person has bullet shot to Akshya Vishal who is 26 Years old and he belongs to Andhra Pradesh, and in hospital while under Treatment Vishal has died	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 636
He was an employee of Satyam Computers and was providing services for Falcon Jet Airways in America.	He was a worker in satyam computers and providing his services in falcon jet airways.	He was an Employee of Satyam Computers and in America he was working with Falcon Jet Airways	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 637
In the last one year, seven students from Andhra Pradesh have been killed by American anti-social elements.	During the last one year 7 students from Andhra pardash have been killed by the unsocial people.	Last Year from Andhra Pradesh there were 7 students who were killed in non society elements in America	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 638
The rise in the deaths of those going to America for higher studies and employment from the state has increased the worries of the thousands of families whose children are in America.	Too many  deaths have created a big concern in the families for Thousand of those students,they are getting higher education or they are staying in America for the seek of a job.	The Students who are going for higher education and employment to America has been murdered so the Family, Friends and Relatives are Concerned about there children who are Residing in America	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 639
It should be known that America is preferred in Andhra Pradesh for higher studies and brighter futures.	it should be known ,In  Andhra pardash they prefer to go in America for higher education and for better future .	To clarify that for higher studies and for better future in Andhra Pradesh they prefer America	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 640
According to the numbers and statistics in the American consulate in Chennai, a hundred thousand applications are received for visa every year, of which the most, i.e. 40%, is from Andhra Pradesh.	In election,according to American councilate counting 100000 applications are received every year and from the the most are 40% from Uttar Pardaish.	According to the statistics of American consulate in Chennai, 100,000 American visa applications are received from India, from which the majority i.e. 40% is from Andra Pardes.	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 641
Meanwhile, the state government tried to bring the murdered person's body to Hyderabad.	Meanwhile, provincial govt. started the efforts to bring murdered to Hyderabad.	During this time, the provincial government started trying to bring the dead body of the deceased to Hyderabad.	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 642
Bush: America should be aware of the enemies attack.	America should be aware from enemy attack.Bush.	America should stay alert for Enemy's attack: Bush.	America must remain vigilant against enemy attacks: Bush
In the last weekly speech of President Bush, over the radio, President George Bush warned America to remain wary of enemy attacks.	President Jarj Bush stressed on this in his last speach that America should be aware from enemy attack.	President Bush has insisted America on being alert for enemy's attack in his last weekly speech on radio.	President George Bush insisted America to be vigilant against enemy attacks in his last weekly speech from radio.
Mr. Bush said that the biggest threat for Americans is still the possibility of another attack by terrorists. He said that the enemies of the country are patiently waiting, and that they are bent on attacking again.	Bush said that it is the big chance of danger for Americans from extremists and he informed that country enemies are waiting and are to attack.	Mr. Bush has that even today, America's biggest threat is another attack from the terrorists. He has warned that enemies of the country are waiting patiently and are ready to attack again.	Mr.Bush said the biggest threat for America is the possibility of any other terrorist attack. He warned that enemies of the state are waiting patiently and they are targeted to attack again.
The outgoing president said that America would definitely have to be aware of its safety at all times.	The leaving president said that America must not unidentified from his safety.	Retiring president has said that America should never be ignorant of its safety.	Discharging President said that America must never be negligent of her defense.
President Bush also expressed his best wishes for the new president, Barack Obama, who would be taking the oath of presidency on Tuesday.	President Bush shows these wants for coming president Obama that will take the oath of his stage.	President Bush has also expressed best wishes for the next President Barrack Obama, who will take his oath on Tuesday.	President Bush conveyed best wishes for upcoming President Barack Obama, who will sworn in on Tuesday.
Newly elected president Barack Obama, in the radio broadcast on behalf of the Democratic party, on Saturday, spoke on the historical importance of the oath taking ceremony.	New elected President Bark Obama defined at the importance taking oath party from democratic party.	Newly elected President Barrack Obama shed light on the historical importance of his oath taking ceremony in his speech on radio on Saturday.	Newly elected President Barack Obama threw light from the platform of Democratic party on the historical importance of Oath ceremony in his speech on weekly radio.
He said that the oath taking was a custom by which the power is handed over to another leader peacefully has a deep connection with the American greatness.	He said that this function is such tradition which has a grate relationship with the changing authorities from old President to coming.	He said that this ceremony is a tradition in which transfer of the power from one leader to another in a peaceful way is also highly related to the American greatness.	He said that the ceremony is such a tradition in which the peaceful transfer of powers is deeply tied to American greatness.
Mister Obama reminded that around the world, many people can not even imagine the succession of a leader without blood and turbulence.	Obama remembered it many people can not imagine it that their leaders will leave leadership without blooding and fight.	Mr. Obama reminded that in the entire world, there are many who can not even imagine that their leaders will retire from their positions without violence and shedding of blood.	Mr. Obama reminded that many people even can't imagine that their leaders will quit the authority without struggle or bloodshed.
Meeting of the Sherif brothers and the joint home minister in Raiwand; exchange of thoughts on political and security matters.	on Raiwindon the shariff brothers meet the Minister of Embassy and Ambassador, talk on political and security changes	Meeting between sharifs and interior minister. Political and security affairs discussed.	Meeting in Raiwind between Sharif Brothers and Federal Minister for Interior; Political and security issues were discussed.
The biggest and ruling party of the deferring parties, Pakistan Muslim Leagues (n)'s leader Nawaz Sherif and Pakistan's home minister Rehman Malik met on Sunday in Raiwand in which meeting, Punjabi Chief Minister Shehbaz Sherif was also present.	without anyone decisions, on Punjab, the biggest government, as well as Jamaat, Pakistan Muslim league Leader Nawaz Sharif and the Ambassodor Rahman Malick, has meet each other on sunday at Raiwindon, along with them the punjab chief minister Shahbaz Shariff also found.	In Raiwind, a meeting held between the interior minister Rehman malik and Nawaz sharif, head of PMLN; the largest opposition party in center and ruling party in punjab. The CM, Shehbaz sharif was also present in the meeting.	The largest opposition party in the center and the ruling party in Punjab, the Pakistan Muslim Leagueâ€™s leader Nawaz Sharif and Federal Minister for Interior Rehman Malik met in Raiwind on Sunday; the meeting was also attended by the Chief Minister of Punjab Shahbaz Sharif.
According to the local media, Rehman Malik probably got an important message from the Pakistan Peoples Party leadership.	Based on the local media, Rahman Malick brought some proposal from Pakistan People Party.	According to local media, Rehman Malik has brought some message from top PPP leadership.	According to local media, Rehman Malik brought a message from the leadership of Pakistan Peoples Party.
However, speaking to journalists after the meeting, Rehman Malik did not disclose anything of the nature and only said that they talked about agreement politics and that he briefed the PML(n) leadership about the conditions after the Mumbai attack.	after meeting, Rahman malick has not explained any thing to the journlist, and just said that they might a joined planned with all the political parties, and he said we will have discussion about the mumbai attack breifing also	Howver, Rehmand Malik did not give an detail in press. He told the media that national affairs were discussed during the meeting and he briefed the PMLN leadership about the post Mumbai attacks situation.	But talking to journalists after the meeting, Rehman Malik did not mention any details about this matter and only stated that he came to talk about building consensus on political issues and to brief the PML(N)â€™s leadership on the aftermath of the Mumbai attacks.
In his words 'I let them know about the action taken so far'.	on his words: till this what ever the things carried out we have got it.	In his words: "he briefed about all the steps taken"	He said, â€œI informed them about the steps which have been taken so farâ€.
It should not be forgotten that a lot of action was taken by the Punjab government and that the team that I formed will need the help of the Punjab government.	this was carried out at punjab, so we dont have to forget, we have formed a team to complete this task, in which we need a big support from Punjab government	one should not forget the most lethal terrorism occurred in Punjab and PMLN is ruling Party in Punjab. And my established team needs the cooperation of the government of Punjab.	â€œDonâ€™t forget that the major crackdown was done in Punjab by the Punjab Government and the team which I have formed now will also require help from the Punjab Governmentâ€.
Rehman Malik said that every day the media is not told, but PML (n) leadership is sent messages. Here the Pakistan Muslim League (n) spokesperson Pervez Rasheed also spoke, but avoided speaking about some political matters, and said that Rehman Malik has already said what needs to be told.	Rahman Malick said that the message cant be given to media daily, but with the help of PML the message are getting transferred. on other side the speaker of Pakistan Mislim league Mr. Parvez Rashid also not blamed political matters, and just said only what Rahman Malick has said.	According to Rehman Malik, media is not briefed but messages are exchanged with the Leadership on daily basis. Pervaiz Rashid Mir, the representative of PMLN was very cautious to disclose any thing. He said, "rehman malik has told what is required to be told"	Rehman Malik said that the media is not briefed every day but messages are exchanged with PML(N)â€™s leadership on daily basis. On the other hand, Pakistan Muslim League spokesman, Pervaiz Rasheed, also refrained from talking about any of the political issues and only stated that Rehman Malik had told everything which was important.
It should be known that Pakistan Muslim League (n)'s leadership met the Internal Advisor at a time when the state was in a state of hot political activity with 20 or more leaders belonging to the opposition party, PML (q), held a press conference with the Governor of Punjab, Salman Taseer, rejecting the steps of the government in the state and opposing the inclusion of the Governor of Punjab, who is from the Pakistan Peoples Party in this matter.	Came to know that, with the guidance of Pakistan muslim League, the meeting with Ambassador was in such situation that it is the hot news in political matters. Government of Punjab against 20 people who are having connection with the PML, The governer of Punjab declined the suggestion of PML during the conference. the governor of punjab has against the people who are having connection Pakistan people party is also	This meeting held when the political temperature is on rise in Punjab. The major cause of this rise is the joint conference of Governor punjab Salman Taseer and more than 20 Nazims of PMLQ. The policies of Punjab Govt came under criticism during this press conference.PMLN has rejected the allegations and criticized the Governor's participation in the press conference.	It should be noted that the Interior Minister met with the Pakistan Muslim Leagueâ€™s leadership at such a time when 20 Nazims belonging to PML(Q), the opposition party in Punjab, held a press conference with Governor Salman Taseer. PML(N), while dismissing the objections of the Nazims against steps taken by the provincial government objected to the involvement of the Punjab Governor, member of Pakistan Peoples Party, in this matter.
Obama's speech is glad tidings for Pakistan, President Zardari.	Obama SPeech is supportive to Pakistan: President Zardari	Obama's speech is a good news for Pakistan, Zardari	Speech of Obama is pleasing for Pakistan: President Zardari.
Pakistani president, Asif Ali Zardari welcomed the opening speech of the new President of America Barack Obama, saying that his statement that he would advance the relationship with the Muslim world, based on mutual interests and mutual respect, is a good news for Pakistan and it's public.	Pakistani President Asif Ali zardari has apprecaited the presidential talk of Obama, and he said that he will support to the muslim world, and the pakistan will also support them to get the pakistan and America benefited.	President of Pakistan welcome the Obama's speech and said that American intent to have a respectful a balanced relationships with Muslim world is a good news for Pakistan and its people	While welcoming the inaugural address of American President Barak Obama, the President of Pakistan Asif  Ali Zardari has said that the  mutual interest and to encrouage relationship  among muslim world shown by him is pleasing for Pakistan and its people.
He said in a statement given on Wednesday that assurance of great ideologies and will of values from the American President is a hope of better future for the entire world.	In a statement given on Wednesday, he said that the high ideals and values which the American President has promised to uphold gives the people worldwide hope of a new life.	in a statement issued on Wednesday, he said that reiteration of high moralities and values from the American president is a hope for a better future for the people of the world.	In a statement on Wednesday he said  that the revision of high values and respect by President of America is good for all the people in the world for a better future.
According to the statement, President Zardari said that America, together with the international community, has  undoubtedly a great responsibility of finding new ways of peace, success and happiness in the 21st century.	According to the statement, President Zardari said that the responsibility of joining the global brotherhood and searching for roads to peace, development and prosperity, in the 21st century falls, no doubt, on the shoulders of America.	president Zardari stated that there is no doubt that there is a great pressure on America to join the world community to find ways of peace, prosperity and complacency.	As per the statement the President Zardari has said that  the responsibility lies on America to search new ways for peace, development and prosperity  with the help of universal brothers in the twenty first century.
Please have it understood that President Obama, after taking his oath on Tuesday, said in his opening speech that America wants a new development with the Muslim world which is based on mutual benefits and respect.	Let it be clear that President Obama said on Tuesday, after taking the oath, in his opening speech, that America wants a new approach towards the Muslim world, based on mutual interests and mutual respect.	it should be clear that president Obama after taking the oath for his designation said on Tuesday in his opening speech that  America wants development in relations with the Islamic world which should be based on mutual benefits and respect for each other.	It is obvious that on Tuesday President Obama, after taking oath as President of America, in his inaugural address has said that America is interested in developing new ties and relationship with muslim world.
They  made people of poor countries believe that America will work together with them so that there can be social development and decline in poverty.	He ascertained the people of poor countries that America will work with them to let there be cultural development over there, and to reduce poverty.	he told the people of poor countries that America will work with them so that there is social development and reduction poverty.	He had assured the people of poor countries that America should work with them for social development and to reduce poverty.
President Obama has assigned Richard Hall Brook as a special representative for Pakistan and Afghanistan.	President Obama has appointed a special representative to Afghanistan and Pakistan.	President Obama nominated a special representative for Pakistan and Afghanistan.	President Obama has appointed a special representative for Afghanistan and Pakistan.
Former ambassador of the UN, Richard Hall Brook is appointed as a special representative for Pakistan and Afghanistan.	Richard Holbrooke the former ambassador to the United Nations, Richard Holbrooke was appointed the special representative to Afghanistan and Pakistan.	former ambassador for United Nations Richard Holbrooke has been nominated as a special representative for Pakistan and Afghanistan.	Richard Holbrook, ex ambassador for UN Richard Holbrook has been appointed as special representative for Pakistan and Afghanistan.
Hall Brook played a very important role in peace treaty  between Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Holbrooke played an important role in bringing peace to Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Holbrooke played a vital role in peace agreements in Bosnia Herzegovina.	Holbrook had played an important role in the signing of peace agreement of Bosnia Herzegovina.
Hall Brook said he is ready to advise President Obama on the matters of Pakistan and Afghanistan.	Holbrooke said that he was ready to counsel President Obama on matters relating to Pakistan and Afghanistan.	Holbrooke said that he is ready to be an advisor to president Obama on Afghanistan and Pakistan issues.	Holbrook said that he is ready for the consultancy of President Obama for Afghanistan and Pakistan.
He added that this work is not easy.	He added that this would not be easy.	He clearly said that this is not an easy task.	He added that it is not an easy job.
He said that both countries have extremely different history.	He said that the histories of both countries were extremely different.	He said that both countries have entirely different history.	He said that the history of both the countries is different.
George Mitchell has been selected for Middle East, who will try to maintain conferences held between Arab and Israel.	George Mitchell has been selected for Middle East who will try to revive the Arab Israel dialogue.	George Mitchell was chosen for the Middle East, who will try to blow life into Arab Israeli peace discussions.	George Mitchell has been selected for Middle East who will try to improve the peace talks between Arabs and Israel.
Mitchell is the erstwhile Senator he played his role to bring peace in Northern Ireland.	Mitchell is an Ex-minister and he had played an important role in establishing peace in northern Ireland.	Mitchell is an ex-senator and he has played a role in establishing peace in Ireland.	Mitchell is ex senator and he played a key role for the establishment of peace in Northern Ireland.
Mitchell said today while speaking in State Department, that Middle East's current condition is very unstable, complicated and dangerous.	while talking at the state department today, he said that the situation in the Middle East is very vulnerable, complicated and dangerous.	Speaking in the State Department today, Mitchell said that the Middle East situation is unstable, confusing and dangerous.	While speaking in State Department Mitchell said that the situation of Middle East is very dangerous, complex and unpredictable.
But still, America will not stay back in the struggle to bring peace over there.	But despite of this America will not step back from the efforts for peace over there.	Nevertheless, America will not step back on efforts to establish peace over there.	But even though America will not step back from the attempts of establishment of peace.
Afghanistan: Voter registration is in peril.	Afghanistan: Voters' registration in danger.	Afghanistan: Voter registration in danger.	Afghanistan: Vote registration under trouble
Afghanistan's election commission has said that due to the sake of peace, it is delaying the voter registration process in a few southern areas.	Election commission of Afghanistan that due to concerns over security, it is delaying voters' registration is some areas in south.	The Afghanistan Election Commission has said that due to a doubt in safety, it is delaying the voter registration in some of the southern regions.	Afghanistan Election commission has told due to security reasons in Southern parts of Kewl area voter registrations are being delayed
Voter registration for upcoming Presidential Election in Southern Afghanistan started this week.	in southern Afghanistan the voters' registration had to be started this week for the upcoming presidential election.	The voter registration for the upcoming presidential elections had started this week in South Afghanistan.	In southern parts of Afghanistan for electing leader voter registration at that week was started
But commission has said that until the betterment of the situation of security, voters from a few areas of the state Helmand will not be able to get registered.	but the commission has told that unless the security situation does not improve, voters in few areas of province Hilmand will not be able to get registered.	But the commission has declared that as long as the security conditions do not improve, the voters in some parts of Halmand state will not be able to register themselves.	But commision has said that until the security system does not get better, in some of the areas of halmand voter themselves would not register
The rate of violence has been increased since last year in those southern areas where Taliban Rebellions have increased their attacks on Afghan Forces and International Forces.	in those parts of South, repression has increased from last year, where the rebel talibans have increased attacks on Afghan and international forces.	Extremism has been on the rise in those regions of the south, where Taliban rebels have increased attacks on Afghani and international governments.	In southern parts of that areas last area there were increase in problems where Taliban revolts have attacked Afghanistan military and bainul aqwani
In the meanwhile, Afghan Forces and International Forces have said that in the middle night of Wednesday and Thursday, during the fire exchange held in whole Afghanistan, they have killed at least 28 militants.	meanwhile, the Afghan and international forces have said that during the night, between Wednesday and Thursday, they have killed at least 28 militants during fights across Afghanistan.	In the meanwhile, the Afghani army and the international armies are claiming that during the night between Wednesday and Thursday, during small fights, they killed at least 28 soldiers.	In between afghan army and other forces have said between Wednesday and thursday night in taul arze due to fight 25 military personnel were dead
NATO has said that, their militaries has destroyed the militaries and weapon near the east border of Pakistan with the help of Airforce and Ground Militaries	NATO said that its armies had killed 22 soldiers in land and air strikes in the Western province of Khost, near the Pakistani border.	NATO has said that their army has destroyed 22 fighters during air and land attacks on Eastern province Khost near the border of Pakistan.	Narito has said his military at the border of Pakistan due to air and land attacks 22 military personnel were dead
before this the external affair minister said that, in this district the afghan militaries has destroyed the 8 enemies and 2 got injuried	Previously, the Afghan Defense Ministry had said that the Afghan army had killed eight rebels and injured two in the same province.	Before that, Afghan Ministry of Defense stated that in the same province, Afghan army killed 8 rebels and injured two.	before this israte dafa said that afghan military has killed eight revolts and two were wounded
this has explained briefly that the positionable in afghan give a hint about this situation.	It is not clear whether the Afghani officeholders are talking about the same incident.	It is not clear whether Afghan officials have mentioned the same incident.	there was no reason given afghan officials declared it as to reform.
Blast in Wazeeristhan with 2 missle, approximately 18 got died.	Two missile attacks in Waziristan, at least 18 killed.	Two missile attacks in Waziristan, at least 18 people killed.	There was two missile attacks in Waziristan. Atleast 18 people would be killed
Pakitani Intelligence Claims that the twin missle in the north wazeeristan has killed nearly about 18 people.	Pakistan Intelligence officials have said that in two doubtful American missile attacks in North Waziristan, at least 18 people were killed.	Pakistan authority has said that at least 18 are dead in the 2 ambiguous American missile attacks in the North Waziristan.	Pakistan intelligence officials said that that is is suspected that the American Missile attacked North Waziristan in which 18 people were killed.
Based on the report, the airfoce of America has deployed three missle in a home near the village meerali in North Wazeerisathan, where 10 people got killed	According to the officials, unmanned planes dropped three missiles on a house in Mir province of north Waziristan, due to which ten people in that house died.	According to the officials, American jet fired three missiles near a house in the area Mir Ali of north Waziristan, killing 10 people in that house.	According to the officials, the missile from American planes were fired in Waziristan near house in Mir Ali and 10 people were killed.
Based on the report, the people who were killed in which 5 people are the militaries from the other countries	According to local officials, five of the dead were non-national soldiers.	according to the local officials, there were 5 foreign fighters in those who were killed.	According to local officials, five foreigners were killed.
The place was considered to be the main place of Taliban and Al quaida	This region is considered the center of the Taliban and Al-Qaidah soldiers.	This area is considered the center of the Taliban and Alqaida's fighters.	The Taliban and Al-Qaida fighter's area is considered a stronghold.
some time After this incident, on north wazeeristan, they deployed a missle. in which 8 people got killed	A few hours after this incident, a missile attack was performed on south Waziristan as well, in which at least eight people died.	After a few hours of this incident, southern waziristan was also attacked with a missile, in which at least 8 people died.	Some incidents of missile attack in Waziristan, killed atleast eight people.
even after pakistan government's negotiation in the last year, there are nearly about 30 missile are launched in pakistan	Despite the objections of the Pakistani government, since mid-last year until now, about 30 missile attacks were done in Pakistan.	Apart from disagreement of Pakistani government, after the mid of the last year, there have been almost 30 missile attacks in Pakistan.	Despite the objection by Pakistan government, there was a missile attach in the middle of the year that killed 30 people.
In America the recent attacks are the first attacks which took place after the President Barack Obama took became the President.	The present attacks were the first attacks since President Barack Obama took office.	The attacks in these days are not after the American president Prak Obama in control.	After the President Obama coming into power, there was a recent attach in United States.
The Bush organization were obligating on refusing or accepting the responsibility of these attacks.	The Bush government was avoiding to take acceptance for or deny the attacks.	Bush management has been abstain from accepting or rejecting these attacks.	The Bush administration was to accept the disbelief and claime responsibility for the attacks.
On Friday three missiles were thrown from a spy American aircraft on the outskirt areas of Wazeerastan by which five people were killed.	On Friday, suspected American spy planes dropped three missiles in the tribal region of North Waziristan. Until now, five people have died.	In tribal areas of Pakistan Wazeerastan, three mezayles were placed by suspected American spy aeroplane ata Friday in which 5 men dead in this report.	Three missiles from the US planes attacked the Tribal area of North Waziristan on Friday and killed five people.
It wasn't possible to identify those who were killed.	The dead could not be identified.	The dead persons have not been acquainted yet.	Of those who were killed could not be identified.
First news was that these missiles' attacks were hit at a place of Meer Ali area.	According to initial reports the missile attacks were on a house, in the locality of Mir Ali.	According to primary knowings these mezile attacks were under taken at the house in Meer Ali area.	According to the initial reports, the missile attacked a house in Mir Ali.
It is to be noticed that this missile attack was the first attack on the outskirt areas of Pakistan after Barack Obama became the President of America.	It should be known that these are the first missile attacks on the tribal regions of Pakistan, since Barack Obama became president.	It should be in mind that that was the first attack after the being Brak Obama the president.	Zardari, the pakistan President said that the first missile attack was in tribal area.
The border district government has refused the request of stopping the girls from education in Swat.	In the state of Sarhad, the officials have rejected the demand of putting a restriction on girls education.	Province Sarhad government rejected the question of ban on girls education.	revolts at south favored of ban of education of girls
The border district government in Swat has on behalf of Taaliban fighters refused the threat of stopping the girls from education by saying that this announcement is against the law and Islam.	In the state of Sarhad, the officials have rejected the warning to put a restriction on girls education, by the Taliban soldiers, saying that this announcement is against both law and Islam.	Province Sarhad rejected the threat by Taliban soldiers in Swat by saying that this announcement is against law and Islam.	revolts has said the warning received by Taliban on education of girls has been favored by tell this, that this is good for law and Islam
On Sunday the education minister of the border district, Sardar Hussain Babar has added saying that the government will never allow these obligations to succeed.	On Sunday, the education minister of Sarhad state, Sardar Husain Babar added that the government will never allow such efforts to succeed.	The education prime minister of province Sarhad Sardar Hussain Babur said more that the government will not made these efforts possible.	On Sunday morning border minister Hussain babar told government will not allow this type of tries to be successful
He says that those who like destruction are trying to devoid the children of our area from education.	He said that it is the effort of the extremists that the children of our region remain deprived of education.	His saying is that the extremists want that the children in our areas left free from education.	He said sick minded people are trying that our people don't receive education
In his words:these people tried to destroy the schools threat the children to go to school.	In his words: 'Secretly, these people try to demolish schools and give threats to girls'	In his words: "These people try to secretly blow up schools and frighten the boys and girls"	In his words: These people privately try to blow ip schools and try to warn girls and boys
He said mentioning the atmosfare of fear that provincle govt. knows it and wants to show that any power cannot break Pakhtoon from increasing education.	Talking about the terror and fear, he said govt is fully aware of this and no force can stop the spread of education on the land of Pakhtoons.	Talking about the environment of fear and insecurity, he said that the local government knows well and wants it to be known that no force can stop the spread of education in the land of the Pukhtons.	discussing of fear and despair he told, government is well known by this and want to show that the paktoons land cant stop education
One day before Fighter Taliban desired in Swat from 15 January to stop education in education centres and this was in the leading of miss leader Molana Fazl-u-Rrahman and threat that those education centres will be bombed which against our desire.	One day ago on 15th of Jan., Taliban under the command of Mulana Fazal-ul-allah demanded to close the  schools for girls otherwise these would be demolished.	One day ago, the Taliban soldiers, led by Moulana Fazlullah had demanded the banning of girls from studying in Swat's educational institutions from the 15th of January.	One day before Maulana Fazaullah Taliban revolts from 15th January in south  put a ban on girls education in institutions and the institutions which go against the warning will be destroyed
With the doing of miltary force the Taliban has fired above than 150 educations institution.	Despite the military operation in Swat, more than 150 educational institutes have been burnt or destroyed by the extremists.	Despite the military activity going on in Swat, during the last one and a half years, about 150 educational institutions were destroyed by the militants by the use of explosives and arson.	In south the revolts are opposing from one and half year in this period they have devastated 150 institutions
Thousands of boys and girls could not take education due to destroyness of education centres.	Due to destruction of these educational institutes, thousands of girls and boys have lost the mean to seek knowledge.	Due to the destruction of these educational institutions, thousands of girls and boys were deprived of the facility of education.	Due to this destruction of institutions thousands of girls and boys lost their education
Hard arrangements of security at the event of India Democratic Day.	Tight security measures on the Republic day of India.	Strict security arrangements in India on Republic Day.	India Republic Day in on the occasion of the strict security arrangements.
The 60 time democratic day is celebrated in India, and extra hard security was planned and large number of miltary was determined on this event.	Indians are going to celebrate their 60th Republic day on Monday. Tight security arrangements are made on this occasion.  Thousands of soldiers have been deployed in all parts of the Country.	The 60th Republic Day is being celebrated in India on Monday. On this occasion, strict security measures are being taken and thousands of soldiers were posted throughout the country.	In India Republic Day on Monday sixtieth is being observed, the security of every occasion strict throughout the country and thousands of Iraqi.
There was miltary praid in Govt house Dahle and meanwhile weapons, eroplanes and other miltary instroments were shown.	On the Republic day of India:  a grand parade is held,  air fighters and military apparatus is displayed in an exhibition.	On the occcasion of Republic Day, during the army parade in New Delhi, weapons, planes and other military equipment is displayed.	The Republic in New Delhi during military parade of weapons, planes and other military equipment to the exhibition.
It is the saying of commandors that high alert helecaptors was specified for security and police were watching the ways and at this event Obama congratulated India.	According to officials, to strengthen the security arrangements, air guns and 'sharp shooter' have been deployed. Police will monitor the routs used for Parade. American president congratulated India on this occasion	Officials are saying that the security arrangements include anti aircraft missiles and sharpshooters and that police will be deployed to watch the roads of the parade. American President Barack Obama congratulated India on the occasion.	Officials say that security arrangements under the Anti-aircraft battery and Jeb sharp also been appointed parade of police and carry out on the roads, the American president on this occasion congratulated India.
And Indian prime minister Man Mohan Sanghjan was heart operated and send soon recovery message.	He also send good wishes to Indian PM Man Mohn Singh who had a heart surgery a few days ago.	And he also wished Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, who had undergone a heart operation on Saturday, a speedy recovery.	And the Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Saturday, the heart was the operation early recovery of the wish of the message.
It should be remembered that yesterday the Indian police claimed to have killed two suspected Pakistani militants after a shootout in the outskirts of Mew Delhi.	Remember that in the day gone by, Indian police claimed that they killed two precarious Pakistani combatant in the outskirts of New Delhi after a fight.	Please note that yesterday Indian police had claimed to kill two suspected Pakistani fighters near New Delhi after an encounter.	I think that last day two Indian police suspected Pakistani militants in New Delhi in the outskirts of fighting killed after a claim.
Local officials say that the police recovered AK 47 rifles, granades and some documents from them which proved that they were from Pakistan.	According to the local authorities, police exported 47 rifles, grenade and some papers from these two persons, which shows that these two are Pakistani.	According to local government police had recovered AK47 rifles, grenade an some papers from both persons. Which indicates that they were probably from Pakistan.	According to local officials, the police, the two people, 47 rifles, a grenade and some documents, recovered that these two Pakistani.
Police are also investigating whether these two belonged to Pakistani debarred organization, Lashkar-e-Taiba, which was found guilty in the Mumbai attacks carried out in Bombay, November of last year.	Police is also investigating if they were related to that Pakistan's invalidated Party Laskhar-e-Tayyaba, which was involved in the Bombay attacks in November last year.	Police is also investigating this matter that whether these two persons belong to the banned organization 'Lashkar-e-Taiba' which was involved in last November year's Mumbai attacks.	The police investigation is also the them both belonged to Pakistan banned organization of the Lashkar-e-Tayyaba, in November last year was involved in Mumbai attacks.
Tea: an effective cure for breast cancer	Tea: Effective cure of Chest Cancer	Tea: A good cure for breast cancer	Tea: An effective treatment of Lung Cancer.
According to a new research, three cups of tea a day,	In a new research it is being told that drinking 3 cups of tea everyday	According to a new research, drinking three cups of tea every day	New research shows that drinking three cups of tea day
if taken, can decrease the risk of cancer in women below 50 years of age, by more than a third.	reduces the danger of chest cancer in women under 50 years of age by 1/3rd.	the chances of breast cancer is reduced by more then one third  in women less then 50 years old.	greatly reduces the risk of the lung cancer  in women under the age of 50.
In a research carried out by the Moffitt Cancer Institute, in the American state of Florida, it was revealed that the risk of occurrence of breast cancer tumors, in such women below the age of 50 years	The research happening in the Moffitt Cancer Center in the American State of Florida, has showed that chances of getting tumor of chest cancer in those women under 50 years of age	In a research conducted in MOFT center of Florida America, it has been told that women with less then 50 years age that have breast cancel onco	This research from the Moffet Cancer Centre in Florida says that the chances of contracting lung cancer in women under the age of 50
who drink at least three cups of tea a day, is reduced by up to 37%.	is reduced by 37%, who drink at least three cups of tea everyday.	gets the chances of breast cancer reduced by 37 percent who drink tea three cups a day.	who drink tea three times a day, are reduced by 37%
It was also revealed in the research that there was no significant benefit, in these regards, in the woman aged above 50, who drank three or more cups of tea a day.	It is also told in the research that it does not help older women even if they drink three or more cups of tea daily.	The research shows that the aged women dont get any effect from drinking three or more cups of tea a day.	The research also said that having more than three cups of tea daily in women over the age of 50 has on special benefits.
Experts believe that the reason for this is that tea has such ingredients in it, which are more effective against specific tumors which generally occur in women below the age of 50.	Specialists think that this is because of the presence of such components in tea that are more effective against such types of cancer tumors, which usually targets women under 50 years of age.	The researchers think that the tea contains such elements that are effective against the special type of onco in the breast cancer (that effect the women younger then 50 years age)	Experts believe that the reason behind this is that tea has some elements that are effective against the formation of cancer cells in women mainly under the age of 50.
in the Moft Cancer Center situated in Tampa city of the State of Florida, a research was carried out on 5 thousand women who had taken the treatment for breast cancer.	Research was done on 5000 women who had treatment done for Chest Cancer at Moffitt  Cancer Center founded in city Tampa of State of Florida.	In Moffitt Cancer Center, in the city of Tampa, Florida state, a research was conducted on over 5000 women, who had undergone treatment for breast cancer.	More than 5000 women who had lung cancer were treated in the Moffet Cancer Center, in Tampa, Florida.
Their ages were between 20 and 70 years.	Their ages are between 20 and 74 years.	Their ages were between 20 and 74 years.	They were aged between 29 to 74.
the experts compared their medical record and life pattern with that of women who were safe from breast cancer.	Specialists compared their medical records and lifestyle to those women who are free from chest cancer.	Experts compared their medical records and lifestyles with women who were safe from breast cancer.	Researchers compared their medical records and lifestyles to women who were free of lung cancer.
the experts also found out that on a particular type of cancer, Lobular, tea had shown a great effect and it reduced by 66 percent.	Specialists also came to know that tea had its prominent effect on one of the kinds of cancer, Lobes, and it was reduced by 66%.	The experts also found out that on a specific type of cancer called lobular cancer, the drinking of tea has shown clear effects, and has decreased its occurrence by 66 percent.	Experts also discovered that tea was mainly effective on a certain type of cancer, called lopler, and was reduced by 66 %.
almost every tenth patient of breast cancer suffers from this type of it.	Every 10th chest cancer patient has this kind of cancer.	A tenth of every breast cancer patient suffers this type of cancer.	Every 10th patient of lung cancer falls under this type of cancer.
this type of cancer is more dangerous because it deep inside and is usually diagnosed when it has already spread to a great extent.	This type of chest cancer is dangerous because it is deep inside and usually diagnosed when it has spread alot.	This type of cancer is more dangerous because it is deeper and is usually only known after it spreads quite a bit.	This type of cancer is especially dangerous because it is deeper than most, and is usually only discoverable when it has spread significantly.
Experts say that by taking at least three cups a day regularly, the danger of breast cancer can be reduced in young women.	Specialists say that having at least three cups of tea every day can readily reduce the chances of chest cancer in women of lesser age.	Experts say that regular tea consumption, at least three cups a day, can drastically reduce the occurrence of breast cancer in young women.	Experts say that younger females can greatly reduce the risk of lung cancer by regularly drinking three cups of tea every day.
they say that making tea a regular drink in daily life can cause great resistance in the body against breast cancer.	They say that incorporating tea as a regular drink in your daily routine helps create immunity against the cancer.	They say that making tea a regular beverage taken on a daily basis and included in ones daily activities causes the suitable defense required against cancer in the body.	They say that incorporating tea in the daily life can greatly reduce the risk of any cancer.
in Britain, every year, almost 40 thousand women are diagnosed to have breast cancer.	Almost 40,000 women are diagnosed with chest cancer in Britain.	In Britain, every year, approximately 40,000 women are diagnosed with breast cancer.	In Britain, more than 40,000 women are diagnosed with lung cancer every year.
The Afghan war is the greatest challenge faced by America : Gates.	War in Afghanistan is the greatest army challenge facing America- Gates.	The biggest military challenge facing the American war in Afghanistan is gas.	War in Afghanistan is a biggest military challenge for America: Gutts
American Defense Minister Robert Gates said that the war in Afghanistan is the biggest challenge to America in terms of military challenges.	American defense minister Robert Gates has said that the war in Afghanistan is the biggest military challenge faced by America.	American Defence Minister Robert Gates has said that the biggest  Military challenge to America is  the war in Afghanistan	American minister Robert Gutts have told that that war in Afghanistan is a biggest military challenge for America.
Today Gates was briefing the senate and the house of representatives of the strategy adopted by the Obama administration on the Afghan and Iraq war.	Gates will give a briefing today to the Senate and Parliament over the strategies of the Obama regime on Afghanistan and Iraq wars.	Gates is today giving a briefing to American Senate and representatives of the Congress on the Obama Administrations policy on Afghanistan and Iraq wars.	Gutts today briefing about Afghanistan and Iraq war preparations of Obama to cenrt and Aiwane
Gates told the senate's armed services committee that only war is not the solution to the problems in Afghanistan but he further added to make many areas safer the amount of troops is far less than is a need and Taliban are making use of this weakness and conducting their operations.	Gates told the Armed Services committee of the Senate that fight is not the only solution to the Afghanistan issue. But he added that in order to secure several areas, sufficient number of troops is not there, and the Talibans take advantage of that to carry out their activities.	Gates told the Armed Services Senate Committee that the war is not the only solution to Afghan problem but he further said that in order to make many areas secure, Army Personal are not available,taking the advantage of it the Taliban carry out actions.	Gutts told Aim service of Cent that only war is not solution for problem in Afghanistan he also told to make many areas safer there is no sufficient military which is misused by Taliban.
Why the reduction of exercise with increasing age?	why reduce exercise with the age?	Why reduction in exercise with increase in the age	Why is there decrease in exercise with increase in age?
New research	new research	New Research	New Research.
Exercise is good at every age to remain healthy.	exercise at any age is good for health.	Exercise is good for health in every age	Exercise is good for health in any age.
It makes your heart stronger, reduced Cholesterol levels, helps control weight, helps in limiting Diabetes and slows the Alzheimer's process.	it energizes your heart, reduces the cholesterol level, helps in keeping the weight low, helps in preventing diabetes and slows down the process of Alzheimer or dementia.	This keeps the heart healthy,reduces the level of cholesterol,Helps in keeping the weight low, helps in reduction of sugar and reduces Alzheimer meaning decreases the speed of dementia.	This makes your heart stronger, decreases cholesterol levels, helps in reducing weight, helps stop diabetes and decreases the chances of Alzheimer's.
Unfortunately, with many people with increasing age reduces the ability to exercise.	unfortunately the ability to exercise reduces in many people with the age.	Unfortunately, in many people with the increase in the age, the capability to carryout exercise also decreases.	Unfortunately, a lot of people tend to exercise less with age.
Experts says with exercise our body and brain remains alert yet aging can affect it.	experts say that exercise keep our body and brain active however age can affect it.	The specialists say that with exercise our body and brain remain active but age can have effect on it.	Experts say that exercises keeps our mind and body alert, and affects the real age of a person.
According to American Medical Association if exercise is excluded from daily life there can be many health problems that can develop in the future.	According to the American Medical Association, several health related problems can arise by not doing exercise.	The American Medical Association says that Many health problems can occur if exercise is not carried out.	According to the American Medical Association, not getting enough exercise can lead to numerous health issues.
Dr. Pattricia P. Leka of Maya clinic Minnesota says that increase in age is a big reason for being handicapped from exercise and less physical activity.	Dr. Patricia Palecca of Mayo Clinic, Minnesota says that an increase in age is a major cause of inability to excercise and lack of bodily activity.	Doctor Patrisha Pae Leka of the Meo Clinic in Mani Sotta says that the reason for the addition in the age is from inability of exercise and less functionality in the body.	Dr. Patricia Paylekka of the Mew Clinic of Minnesota reports that with increase in age, exercise is a major factor in determining proper body functioning.
Dr. Patricia teaches medicine at Mayo clinic.	Dr. Patricia teaches medicine at Mayo Clinic.	Doctor Patrisha teaches medicine in the Meo Clinic.	Dr Patricia teaches Medicine in Mew Clinic.
She headed a research regarding heart diseases and man's ability to do exercise in older age.	She lead a study of how heart related diseases and the ability to exercise is related to old age.	She did the research on the heart illnesses in old age people and the the benefits of doing exercises.	She has done extensive research on older age and the ability to exercise with increasing age.
Team of doctors used high frequency sound waves to observe the performance of heart.	The team of doctors used high frequency sound waves to measure the working of the heart.	A team of doctors used the high frequency layers of sound to test the functioning of the heart.	A team of doctors used High Frequency rays to determine the functioning of the heart.
In which heart's activity of pumping blood and its contraction and relaxation was studied.	In which the pumping of the blood by the heart, its contraction and relaxation was studied.	In which they studied the work of blood pump in the heart, its squeezes and the resting of the heart.	In which, the ability of the heart to pump blood, and it's ability to shrink and relax was researched.
Researches focused their attention on the right side of the heart, which is the main part of pumping blood.	The experts focussed on the left part of the heart which is the main part for pumping blood.	The experts had given full attention on the left side of the heart which is the important part where the blood is pumped.	Experts have concentrated mainly on the left side of the heart which is mainly responsible for the pumping of blood.
They came to know that with increase in age, problems increase in the relaxation action of heart.	They learnt that as people grew old, there was an increase in faults in the relaxation of the heart.	They came to know that with the growing age the grievousness is added in the respiration work of the heart.	They discovered that with increase in age, the problems in the rate of heart relaxation also increase.
Dr. Patricia says with increase in age, problems occur in the activity of relaxation of heart and with increase in age, this effects the ability to exercise.	Dr. Patricia says that as age increases, the faults in the relaxation of the heart begin to appear, and this affects the ability to exercise.	Doctor Patrisha says that with the growing age the grievousness is added in the respiration work of the heart and with the growing age the effect grows with the exercise.	Dr. Patricia says that with increase in age, the problems in the heart relaxation rates increases and thus effects the ability to exercise with growing age.
Dr. Garvin Ken was part of this research	Dr. Garwin  Cain was also a part of this study.	Doctor Garven Ken was included in this study.	Dr. Carwin Cain was also part of this research.
He says that we were surprised to see that it has an effect  and it confirmed that bad exercising ability is very much related to the heart relaxing activity.	He says that we were surprised to see that there is a definite effect of this. And this clearly proves how deep a relation the worsening of exercise has with the relaxation of the heart.	They say that we were surprised to see that this thing is effected necessarily and with this it has been clear that bad exercise functionality has an affect on the heart's respiration work.	He says that it's surprising to see the permanent effects of improper exercise on the heart.
some times blood pressure can cause disorders in heart's functions and heart diseases.	Sometimes blood pressure can cause faults in the working of the heart and can become a cause of heart diseases.	Blood Pressure can cause a cardiovascular diseases and dysfunction.	In some instances, blood pressure is a factor in heart anomalies and heart diseases.
if the doctor and the patient work in tandem in this regard, then they can take advantage of the benefits of exercise even with the age.	If the doctor and the patient work together on the faults of the heart, they can achieve the benefits of excercise, despite the increase in age.	If Doctor and Patient cooperate each other then exercise can be beneficial even in old age.	If doctors and patients can work together when it comes to heart diseases, then they can enjoy the benefits of exercise even with older age.
a detailed report in this matter is published in a magazine of American Medical Association.	A detailed report of this has been published in the magazine of the American Medical Association.	A detailed report has been published in the Journal of American Medical Association.	There has been a detailed report about this in the American Medical Association Publication.
No chances of an immediate war with Pakistan: Indian Army chief	There are no chances of an immediate war with Pakistan: Indian Army Chief.	There are no chances of War with Pakistan in near future, Indian Army Chief.	No chances of instant war with Pakistan: Indian Army Chief
Indian Army Chief General Deepak Kapoor has said that there are no chances of an immediate war with Pakistan how ever we are always ready to defend our country and sacrifice our lives for it.	The chief of the Indian Army, General Deepak Kapoor has stated that there are no chances of immediate war with Pakistan. However, to serve the country and protect its interests, they are always ready.	Indian Army chief Gen. Depak Kapoor said that there is a fat chance of war with Pakistan. "However, we are ready to protect our national interests at any cost", he said	Indian Army Chief General Deepak Kapoor says that no chances of instant war with Pakistan, however for the defense of country and to assure the security of her interests we are always vigilant.
He has accused that despite of commitments and international pressure on Pakistan as a result of Mumbai attacks, the infrastructure of terrorism is not only existent but also proactive in Pakistan.	General Kapoor has made the accusation, that despite ascertainments and the international pressure on Pakistan due to the Mumbai attacks, in his words, the terrorists structure is not only just the same in Pakistan, but it is also active.	General kapoor blames that despite international pressure terrorists' network still exists and active on Pakistani soil.	General Kapoor blamed that despite of sureties and International pressure in result of Mumbai attacks, in his words, terrorism network is not only present in Pakistan but is also active.
he said this while talking to the correspondents in Srinagar.	He said this in an interview to journalists in Srinagar.	He was talking with journalists in Sri Nagar.	He said this in Srinagar while talking to correspondents.
The Indian Army Chief was on a one day tour to the valley of Kashmir in order to analyze the overall security situation in New Delhi administered Kashmir and preparation of armed forces on the borders.	The Indian Army Chief was on a one day trip to the Kashmir valley to inspect the situation of the overall security situation in Kashmir, which is under New Delhi's management and to check the preparations of the armed forces at the border.	Indian Army Chief is on one day visit to Kashmir Valley to observe the  activities of Armed forces on the boundaries.	Indian Army Chief was on a day's tour of Kashmir for the analysis of preparations of armed forces on borders and of complete defense situation in New Delhi administered Kashmir.
He was asked a question, that according to the media reports Pakistan has rejected the evidence provided from India regarding the Mumbai attacks, what were his thoughts about it.	He was asked as to what his reaction was to the media reports which state that Pakistan refuted the proof presented by India, about the Mumbai attacks.	When he was asked to comment about the Pakistan's rejection of Indian proofs about Mumbai Attacks.	He was asked that according to media reports Pakistan has refused the proves of Mumbai attacks presented by India, what is his opinion in this regard?
General Kapoor said that the decisions of peace or war matters are taken by the political leadership.	He stated that the matters of peace and war are decided by the political leadership.	Gen. kapoor said that political leadership is responsible to deal with issues relevant to peace or war	General Kapoor said that decisions of war or peace affairs  are managed by political leadership.
Mentioning the proven presence of a terrorism structure in Pakistan, he said that the Indian army would face such groups which are trying to disturb peace and are bent upon weakening India.	Talking about the presence of the skeleton of terrorism on the land of Pakistan,he said allegedly, that India will fight against such circumstances who are ready to destroy peace and weaken India.	Commonly  there are many structures of riots and protests  on the land of Pakistan. He has also reported that there would be tremendous battle between India and Pakistan. Pakistan has aimed to weaken the Indian Army.	Talking about the alleged terrorism network in Pakistan he said that Indian Army will have to face the forces which are objected to destroy peace and weaken India.
He said that in Indian Kashmir, at least 700 to 800 militants are present, of which approximately half are foreigners.	He said that there are around 7 to 800 fighters present on the land of Indian Kashmir from which almost 50% are foreigners.	He has also reported that there are about 700-800 army men on the land of Kashmir out of which about 50% of the army men are non-country men.	He said that 700 to 800 militants are present in Indian Kashmir almost half of them are foreigners.
General Deepak Kapoor said that with an improvement in the seasonal weather, there might be an increase in infiltration from Pakistan and Pakistan Occupied Kashmir. However, India has increased the guard at the borders.	General Deepak Kapoor said that only with the betterment in the weather, the efforts of encroachment between Pakistan and Kashmir under its government can be increased.  Although India has increased security on the boarders.	General Deepak Kapoor has reported that there is some improvement in the K.I.K atmosphere. he has also said that he has increased that Pakistan has increased the efforts of battle on the Pakistan Dependent Kashmir. therefore we have increased the Army camps at the Indian borders.	General Deepak Kapoor said with the betterment of weather attempts of slander may increase from Pakistan and her side of Kashmir, however India has increased vigilance on borders.
He refuted the possibility of decrease in the army posting in Kashmir, saying that there can be no compromise with regards to national security.	They have refused to the possibility of reduction in the number of army soldiers in Indian Kashmir by stating that one can not compromise over the country's security.	He has also reported that he has increased the number of army in the India Dependent Kashmir. He has clearly mentioned from the symptoms that there cannot be any compromise with regard to the protection of the country.	He refused the chances of reducing the number of deployed army in Indian administered Kashmir by saying that no compromise on country security.
May Allah bless the tongues of the world and may Barack become a blessing for the world.	May God answer the world's prayers and may Barrack Obama be beneficial for the world.	Oh God, Please accept our prayers. Please prove Barack Obama to be good for this world.	May God bring people's dialogue pleasantness and bring Barack as blessing to world
Though it was not expected, still we shall see how this change  will work out in our favor with regards to Pak-American relations.	Though there is not much hope, but we shall see how the relationship between America and Pakistan , effected by this change, are in our favor.	It is evident from the present situation that there are very less chances of getting a positive response, but still we will wait and see to what extent the Pakistan-American Relationship changes and what benefit it can give to us.	Well there is no hope but see what Pakistan-America relationship brings to us in the result of this change
And what Barack Obama, who is the result of Martin Luther Kings dreams, gives to the world.	That what will Mr. Barrack Obama give to the world in the name of Martin Luther King's dreams.	what inspiration does Mr.K Barack gives to this world with regard to the inspiration and aims of the King Martin Luther.	Thats the Wish of martin the king human right activist, who wnated to make the world a peaceful place
Obama, part of whose name is Husain, taking the oath today, as the American President, is not only a matter of all sorts of historic importance, but also a historic test.	The oath taking of Obama as the president of America, whose part of the name is also Hussain, is where historically important in all the ways, is also a great challenge for the history.	Obama whose part of the name is also Hussein is going to take the oath as an American Leader.He is going to be a protector of the country and the History. This is an exam for the American history.	Obama's (whose name has Hussein also), oath as a President of America on one hand is historical while on the other hand is a hard test too
Not only for himself, but also for all the people who supported him.	Not only for his own self but also for those who supported him with all their hearts.	Not only for the sake of their community but also for all those who have supported him with their heart and soul.	not only for him but for all those people who has supported him heartily.
It will even be a test for the white majority, as for them to accept from their hearts, a black governing over them is no easy task.	This challenge will also be for the white majority as it is not easy for them to accept that a colored man is ruling over them.	This test will happen on the extreme white paper.it is not easy for him to write on the blue paper whole-heartedly that he would rule the country with justice.	This will also be a test for white people majority as it is not easy for them to accept heartily the presidency of black on them.
Here in South Asia, specially the Muslims which have some expectations from Obama, should remember that Obama has been elected the president of America. Obama also should remember that practically America is the president of whole world.	Those here in South Asia, especially the Muslims, who have hopes about him, should remember that he was elected the president of America, and Obama should remember that the president of America is actually the president of the world.	Here, South Asia, specially Muslims who have expectations from them, should remember that he has been elected as the president of America. And Obama should remember that President of America is actually the President of the entire world.	Here in Southern Asia specially Muslims who have developed expectation from him must remember that he has been elected as President of America and Obama must remember that President of America is Practically the president of the whole world.
After a while, a person whose ancestors were slaves and bought from different regions of the world, is going to become the 44th president of America.	A little while from then, a person whose real brothers were brought to America from their own countries, wearing the neckband of slavery,and whose blood and sweat watered the roots of the strongest country of the new era, today the a representative of that very same targeted lineage will be called the 44th President.	After a moment, a man whose brothers and sisters from his generation were brought to America from their countries as slaves and whose sweat and blood have strengthened the roots of the most powerful country of the new era, today a representative of this racially discrete nation will be called the 40th President of this very America.	From now a little bit later a person whose is a servant has been bought to America from their countries and whose blood and sweat has strong urge to do holy war is today American 24th president.
People have some many expectations from this man.	Many people have many expectations from this man.	Many people have expectations from this one man.	For one about several persons are depending on him.
Obama's fans should not expect something unrealistic from him.	It is necessary for those who admire him that they do not make unrealistic expectations about him.	People who love him, have to have unreal expectations from him.	It is necessary for people who likes him not to have over expectations from him.
if Obama becomes successful in decreasing the religious and racial acrimony, it will be a victory for his fans.	If Obama is even successful in somewhat reducing the hate that is spread on lineage and religion based lines, it will be a victory for his admirers.	If Obama succeeds to an extent in reducing the hatred among races and religion in the world, so this will be a win for people who love him.	If Obama succeeds in lowering race, religion and other differences then it will be a victory for people who love him.
How south Asia will be affected by this change and can it be expected any meaningful change in American policies.	What effect will this change have on South Asia, and what considerable change can be expected in the American policy in this regards?	What will be its effect on South Asia and can a meaningful change be expected in the American policy regarding this matter?	Due to this change what would be effect on Asia due to this question whether there would be a change in american policies
How Pakistan and America's relationship will be affected by this change.	How will these changes affect Pakistani-American relations?	How will this change effect the relationship between America and Pakistan.	What will be the effect of these changes on relationship between Pakistan and America
image not available	?		BBC
Dear, Presence of Obama or others does not matter because the strong Jewish lobby is the real authority which decides the policy and types of relations with other world.	My Sir, whether it be Obama or someone else, the type of policies with regards to the whole world is decided by the multi-billionaire, influential, strong Jewish lobby.	Dear, whether it is Obama or some one else, the decision of the policy of the entire world is done by Jews lobby of  billionaires, influencing, powerful and effective people.	Whether its Mr Obama  or any other throught out the world
As Pakistan is concerned, The world saw how aggressive behavior was shown by the triangle; America, India and Israel after Mumbai Attacks.	As for Pakistan, with regards to the recent Mumbai blasts, the injurious actions taken by India, Israel and America has been seen by the whole world.	And as far as Pakistan is concerned, after the series of recent Bombay blasts,the offensive reaction of India, America and Israel is in front of everyone.	And whereas Pakistan is related recently on issue of bombings on mumbai . India, Israel and America have lost peace is in front of the world
Even for a while, after Pakistan was formed, the managing of Swat was left to the Ruler of Swat, which had it's own army and law.	Even after the creation on Pakistan the governance of Swat was in the hands of its King who even had his own army and law.	After the creation of Pakistan, the administration of Swat remained with the Ruler of Swat, who had a regular Army and Law.	After formation of Pakistan also all the prospects of south was under walis south which had a single rule.
They surrendered their rule to the government of Pakistan according to a treaty.	With a help of an agreement they transferred the administration of Swat to the Pakistan government.	He handed over administration of Swat to Pakistan under a  pact	It had given Pakistan for a period to rule south
But it's sad that our governments have treated Swat like a step mother.	But it's disheartening to know that our government treated Swat like how a step mother would treat anothers child.	but it is matter of sorrow that our government treated Swat like a step mother.	But tragically our government behaved with south as step mother.
There has been no increase in the number of schools in Swat, since the rule of the Ruler of Swat was finished.	After the end of the governance of the King there were no more schools founded in Swat.	There was no increase in the number of schools after the end of the government of the ruler of Swat.	In south after the end of wali south rule there were no increase in schools
Nor was there any interest in the construction and development over there.	And neither was the areas development given any notice.	and no interest was taken in the building and development works	And also there showed no interest in their developments.
The number of girls receiving education in the present rule is many times less than their number in the previous rule.	Currently the number of girls acquiring education is far less than in previous years.	The girls who are getting education today are much lesser in number than  those who used to get educated in the previous era.	Presently the girls seeking education went down.
In the Sarhad state of Pakistan, the local Taliban have been targeting the educational institutions.	The Taliban are continuing their attacks on educational institutions in the NWFP.	In the Frontier Province, there is a continuous targeting of educational institutions by Taliban's.	Targeting of educational institutes is continued by local Talibans in NWFP Province of Pakistan.
The most schools were destroyed in Swat province, of which the majority were girls schools.	Swat has suffered the highest number of schools destroyed and the majority of them have been girl schools.	The maximum number of schools have been destroyed in district Swat in which majority are the girls schools.	Most schools are destroyed in Swat majority of those are of girls.
Not only this, but the Taliban have announced the prohibition of girls education in Swat.	And not just that, the Taliban have also announced a ban on education for girls.	It is not just this, the Taliban has imposed a ban on girl education.	Not only this Taliban has announced a ban on girls education.
Thousands of boy and girl students are being deprived of education.	Thousands of students are being deprived of education.	Thousands of male and female students have been deprived from getting education.	Thousands of students (boys and girls) are unable to get education.
What do you think the Taliban have to gain by eradicating female education?	what do you think, by stopping girls' education, what the Taliban want to achieve?	what do you think what are the objectives of Taliban to end women education ?	What do you think Talibans wants to achieve by stopping women education.
Why has the government been unsuccessful in stopping these illegal steps?	why has the government failed to stop these illegal activities so far.	Why Government is unable to stop these unlawful act.	Why the government has failed to stop these illegal actions?
What do you think the government should do?	what do you think the government should do.	what do you think what Government should do	In your opinion what government should do.
The question should be, what does the ISI and Pakistani agencies get?	the question should be that what ISI and Pakistani Agencies will get.	question is that what are the benefits for ISI and Pakistani Agencies.	Question must be this that what ISI and Pakistani Agencies will get.
Because the public of Swat have realized this was a game, and that the army was there to serve the Taliban and not to kill them. Otherwise, how could five schools be blown up in a single curfew night? How could people be slaughtered during curfew and hung in the main circle of the town?	because the people of Swat have now understood this game that the army is there to serve the Taliban and not to kill them, otherwise how can five schools be bombed in a single night and that during the Curfew. How come people can be beheaded during the curfew and hanged in the center of the crossing.	Now, people of Swat can understand the game that Military is there to support Taliban not to kill them because how is this possible that in karfuo 5 schools were exploded and people were slaughter and where hanged at the road	Because Swat people has understand the game that army is there to serve Taliban not to kill them otherwise how five schools can be destroyed in a single night during curfew, how people can be butchered and hanged in the square.
When the government is not being allowed to have any say in Swat, how can the government be successful in stopping these illegal steps?	when the writ of the government is not being let implemented, how can the government succeed in stopping these illegal activities?	When there is no Authority of Government left than how come government can stop these unlawful acts?	When government writ is unable to implement in Swat in these circumstances how the government will succeed in eliminating these illegal activities.
Now, the question arises, as to when the government has an armed military, new and dangerous weapons, new technology and spy system etc., then why are these four Taliban not being controlled?	now the question arises that having an armed force, armed with modern weapons, modern technologies and intelligence system, why the government can not control these few Taliban.	now question arises that with all the advance technology, destructive weapons, and an effective spy system why these Taliban are still not in control ?	Now the question is when government has every thing like armed force, latest weapons, latest technology and spy system then why these Taliban can;t be controlled?
The answer to this is that they have the hand of a hidden guide on their heads, because of which neither do their weapons get exhausted, nor do they get captured.	the only answer is that there is a hidden hand over their head, that neither their arms end nor they are apprehended.	the answer is that there is hand  on them of some secret Power thats why there weapons never ended and they are never arrested	The only answer is that they are supported by some unseen power that neither their weapons finish nor they get caught.
The conclusion is that the Taliban, through there dark activities is making the work of the global leadership easier.	result of the discussion is that Taliban with their wrong steps are making it easier for the imperialists.	the conclusion is that Taliban with there deeds making the work easier for World Power	The essence is that these Taliban are paving the path for 'International Imperialism' by their bad deeds.
15 years ago, the war was on in Afghanistan.	fifteen years before the war was continued in Afghanistan.	war in Afghanistan is  going from past 15 years	from now fifteen years back Afghanistan was facing a war
The ISI was controlling the Taliban while on the opposing side was the northern coalition that was being aided by Russia, India and Iran.	ISI used to control the Taliban when there was the opposition from the Northern Alliance, which was supported by Russia, India and Iran.	ISI is controlling Taliban when at that time opponent was north coalition who was supported by Russia, India and Iran.	ISI had control over Taliban. which was supported by Russia, India and Iran.
Then suddenly the scenario changed and the activities of the Taliban came into light.	Then, suddenly the situation changed and Taliban's works came to light.	Then suddenly situation changed, actions of Taliban began to appear.	then there were sudden changes by which the activities of Taliban came to light.
And the ISI also was offered financial aid by the Americans which resulted in past friends becoming foes.	And ISI also got an offer of Dollars from America, so the previous friend became an enemy.	And ISI was also offered Dollars from America so past friends became enemies.	ISI received dollar offerings from America there by close friends turned to enemies.
Now the scenario is that the war is still raging but the supporters in Pakistan are still the same, Iran, India and Russia.	Now the situation has changed but the war is still going on and those supporting them in Pakistan are still Russia, India and Iran.	Now situation is this that war continues but helping in Pakistan are still those Iran, India and Russia.	the results are this the war is still continued. but in reality Pakistan is helped by Iran, India and Russia
Until mankind can understand the difference between whats right and whats wrong he will always make the wrong decision.	Until man realizes what is wrong and what is right, he continues to make mistakes.	Unless this feeling does not emerge in Human that what is right and wrong till then Human will keep doing mistakes.	It is a human mistake of doing wrong by not doing what is right.
For example if a thief goes to perform a crime but just before he commits it he realizes that its a wrong thing to do and that robbing is a sin and that it is punishable so if he fears his Lord he will then not commit the crime.	For instance, when a thief goes to steal something, if he realizes at that time that stealing is wrong, it is a curse and it will bring punishment, and he fears Allah, that person will not steal.	As an example a thief when goes to steal if he at that time gets this thought that stealing is not a good thing and theft is a curse, there is also punishment in it and he fears from God then that Human will not steal.	If a thief robs a place, then he is in danger to rob the same place and same time tomorrow as well. If he fears god and man, he will not steal.
Now in the same way until and unless Israel understands that it is doing the wrong thing by shedding the blood of innocent people in Gaza and that it'll be punished for as long as it continues to kill innocent people there.	Similarly, as long as Israel does not realize that it is doing wrong, and spilling the blood of the innocent, and it will receive punishment for that, it will continue to play Holi with the blood of the innocent people in Gaza.	Same like this that unless Israel do not gets this apprehension that i am doing wrong and draining blood of innocents and i will get punishment for this, he will keep playing Holi with the blood innocents of Gaza till then.	Similarly,  Israel should realised that it is a wrong thing to have bloodshed in Gaza.
Greetings!	Greetings	Respects!	Greetings!
The question is that is war, aggression, the answer to the Terrorist issue?	The question is that, is war, armed resistance and terrorism the solution to problems?	Question is that is war, armed movement, terrorism is solution to problems?	The question is whether war, armed movements and   terrorism are the answer to our problems?
If not then what is that unique formula that can move us toward solving this issue?	If not, then what is the magic recipe that will bring out a solution to the problems?	If not then what is the specific prescription which takes to the solution of the problems?	If not then what is that chemical prescription that   will take us to the solution of these problems?
This is true that war and extremism do not solve problems, but rather it puts 'blessings' in them.	this is right that war, is a destructive way it never solves problems instead it increases it.	It is right that the war is the way that does not solve the problem but make it more difficult.	This extremist path of war does not solve our problems  but increases them.
Palestine, Afghanistan and Iraq should adopt the same model for their development, that Nelson Mandela had used in South Africa.	Palestine, Afghanistan, Iraq should adopt these models in order to get Independence which Nelson Mandela uses in South Africa	Falastin,Afghanistan and Iraq should adopt the way which adopted Nalis Mandaila in South Africa to make their movements success.	In their movements, Palestine, Afghanistan, Iraq should  take the path that Nelson Mandela took in South Africa  as a model.
That is, to struggle character wise and politically, more than in an armed manner.	to fight more for social , ethical and subjective rather than armed.	That mean there should be behaver and politics efforts in more then force.	That means political and inner struggle are more   important than armed struggle.
From the Kashmiris taking part in the elections, it looks as if they have accepted this view point.	kashmiri's participation in election shows that they have accepted this point.	The participating of Kashmirian public in election tells that they accepted this view.	From the participation of Kashmiris in elections it   can seen that they have accepted this point-of-view.
It is the third week of Israeli attacks on Gaza and the number of deaths have gone close to a thousand.	Israeli attacks are going on Gaza from 3 weeks and death toll has reached to 1000.	The third week is continue of Israel attacks on Ghaza and dead persons are about 1000.	The Israeli  attacks on Gaza still continue in the third week and the death toll have reached to one thousand.
Despite worldwide diplomatic efforts, to date, a ceasefire was not possible.	world diplomacy efforts has till now not resulted in a cease fire	The war could not stopped until this time with world ambassador efforts.	In spite of international diplomatic efforts ,yet it did not reach to cease-fire.
According to another report, since the start of attacks, on the 27th of December, 90,000 Palestinians have left their homes and moved towards safer locations.	an according to one survey , attacks after 27th December has resulted in 90,000 Palestine leaving there homes and moving towards a safer place	And according to a guess 9000 Falatinis have been left their homes and gone to save places after the attacks  starting in December.	According to an estimate,since the attacks started on 27 December to uptill now,90 thousand Palestinian left their homes and have been migrated to the safe areas.
Here, aid groups have accused Israel of being careless about Palestinian children, and said that a whole generation of Palestinian children will be victim of grave psychological and emotional difficulties.	on the other hand, NGOs has accused Israel for not taking care of Palestine Kids and said that one whole Generation of Palestine Kids are in serious cycology and emotional trouble.	And here helpful institutions blamed Israel that he did not care the Falastini children and there will be one total posterity in hard mental and emotional problems.	On the other hand relief organizations said by accusing Israel of dereliction of duty toward the protection of Palestinian children ,that the one entire generation of Palestinian children has become victim of serious psychological and emotional difficulties.
What do you say?	what you have to say	What do you say?	what do you say?
What should happen?	what should suppose to be done ?	Is it should be?	What should be done?
How is permanent peace possible in Gaza?	how is permanent peace possible in Gaza?	how could it long term peace possible in Gaza?	How long lasting peace is possible in Gaza?
For details, click here.	Click here for details	for detail click here.	For details,click here;
(Please note that due to the increase in the discussions, comments typed in Urdu will be only published.	(Please note that due to increase in number of comments, only the reviews typed in Urdu will be published.	kindly note that due to increase in comments only Urdu written suggestions will publish.	Please note followed:  Due to increase in number of remarks,only those opinions are to be published which are typed in Urdu.
For this press alt+shift on the On-Screen board and select Urdu.	for this press Alt+Shift on the on-screen keyboard to select Urdu.	for that while pressing Alt+Shift select Urdu.	For this purpose,select Urdu be pressing alt+shift from on-  sucreen key board.
Give Taliban a Chance.	Taliban should be given a chance	give a chance to Taliban.	Talibans should be given chances.
Basit, Peshawar	basit, Peshawar	Basit, Peshawar.	Basit,Peshawar
Wake up! If Taliban starts the real Jihad, who will slaughter innocent people?	Please wakeup, if the Taliban start doing the real Jihad, then who will kill the innocent people.	wake up if Taliban will do real Jihad so who sacrifice innocent people.	Be aware if taliban started the real jehad then who will slaughter the innocent people?
Who will burn down girls schools?	Who will burn down the girls' schools?	who burnt out Girls School?	Who will put girl's school on torch?
And kidnapping for ransom and if they do not get the ransom money, who will hang people on poles by claiming they were American spies?	who will do kidnapping for ransom or if ransom not paid then blame people of being American agents and hang them on the towers?	and if kidnap for ransom or not get ransom so who will hang people on the pole by called them American spy?	And who will hang people at poles by nominating as American spy having no ransom from them after kidnapping.
These Taliban has damaged Islam so much that no other nation or religion has done.	these Taliban have brought such damage to Islam that no nation or religion has ever brought.	those Taliban give very damage to Islam that no other nation or religion have done.	No nation or religion has dammaged Islam so far then these talibans.
Pushtun force	Pashtoon Rore	Pashtoon roar	Persian era.
Kohat, Pakistan	Kohat, Pakistan	Kohat Pakistan	Kohat Pakistan
If the entire Muslim world gets together and even just warns Israel of attacking it, you will see how much Israel's daddy, America will get hurt.	if the whole Muslim world just give a joint threat to attack Israel, you will see that how upset will its father America be.	If all Muslim world attack Israel or just give a threat to do so then see how painful this for America, the God Father of Israel	If the whole Islamic world just threat Israel for launch of attack you will see that in how much pain father of Israel America will be in
And not only will their be immediate talks of ceasefire, there will also be an actual ceasefire.	and immediately not only talks on ceasefire but ceasefire will really happen as well.	Then a true seize fire will be observed	and not only talks about real ceasefire rather ceasefire will be accomplished.
But what can be done, where can our leaders get so much courage from?	but what can be done, where should our Muslim leaders bring the courage from.	But what shoud we do about the cowardice of Muslim rulers.	But what to do our Muslim leaders lack the courage greatly.
Someone should tell Ahmedinejad that he should take the lead, as BBC forum's are full of discussion of your braveness.	someone tell Ahmed Nayad to take the first step as he is very popular for his bravery at the BBC forums.	someone should ask the Ahmadi Nejad to become the first to attack as he is popular for his bravery.	Some one ask Ahmadinejad to take the initiative because your bravery is very popular in BBC Forum.
The responsibility of establishing peace and human rights falls not only upon the Arabs, or the Muslims of the world, but rather it is the duty of all the nations in the world that they speak up against oppression.	the responsibility of peace and human rights not only lies on Arabs and the Muslim world but its and obligation on the whole world to raise their voice against tyranny.	Struggle for Peace and human rights is not the solo responsibility of Arabs or Muslim world. It is the duty of whole world to raise voice against cruelty.	The responsibility of establishing peace and human rights does not rest with the Arabs or the Muslims of the world alone but is the obligation of the entire world community to raise their voice against tyranny.
This troubling incident is one of the worst misdeeds of Bush yet.	this unfortunate incident is Bush's worst sin so far.	This sad incident the worst crime committed by Bush.	This dreadful incident is the worst amongst the crimes committed by Bush.
Similar to how, in Pakistan and India, on the 30th of June, that is before the close of the financial year, the government institutions are looted, in the same way, before the winding up of the American government, Israel was given the green signal to do whatever it wants.	Just like in Pakistan and India before 30th June or the end of the fiscal year, the government institutions are looted, the American regime just before its end have given a green signal to Israel to do what ever it wants.	In India and Pakistan, the financial corruption becomes higher at the end of fiscal year, similarly Bush administration has permitted the Israel to do what she wants	Just like in Pakistan and India at the end of the financial year on 30th of June, the governmental institutions are pillaged; the American establishment before the expiry of its term gave a green signal to Israel to do whatever she wants.
On one hand, America says that it will try for a ceasefire.	on one hand America says that effort will be made for ceasefire.	On one hand America demands the seize fire	On the one hand, America says that a ceasefire will be attempted.
On the other hand United Nations is passing resolution after resolution but practically both had been futile. This only concludes one idea that  to oppress Muslims the United Nations is also a party to the Muslim oppression.	On the other side, the United Nation is passing one resolution over another but both have done nothing practically, this means that united nation is also working  to crush the Muslims.	On the other hand, the United Nations is passing resolution after resolution, but action-wise, neither have done anything. There is only one meaning of this, and that is that the even the United Nations is openly in favor of destroying the Muslims.	On the other hand, the United Nations is accepting petitions and more petitions, but in reality it's nothing. This means only one thing, that even the United Nations is in on the conspiracy against muslims.
All Muslim countries should immediately revoke their United Nations membership and lay foundation for a united Muslim Union.	All the Islamic Countries should cancel their membership of United Nations and they should lay the foundation of there own international organisation.	All Muslim countries should immediately end their membership in the United Nations, and should establish their own global organisation.	All Muslim nations should disregard the United Nations, and unite under their own weight.
There are many evident examples in front of us,in which America and the United Nations only promises and passes resolutions. It is the Muslims in the end who suffer.	Many examples are in front of us, where only promises and resolutions of America and United Nations came forward but only the Muslims suffered.	We have many examples of where only promises and resolutions of America and the United Nations are seen, but the harm is only done to the Muslims.	We have a lot of examples in front of us. Where America and United Nations are only passing petitions, the Muslims are bearing the brunt of it.
What is the use of such propaganda when BBC does not published the matter?	What is the advantage of these actions when BBC does not have to print anything.	What is the use of these vain efforts if BBC does not want to publish anything?	What is the use of this probaganda when BBC is not going to publish it.
Now where are all the ideals of journalism buried? When unjustified spillage of blood especially Muslim blood occurs BBC takes a neutral position of not being a side to any party.	Now, where have the principles of general ism been buried,When the unrequired blood especially of the Muslims starts flowing, at that time the ghost of unbiased reporting starts riding over the BBC.	Where have all the rules of journalism been buried? When blood, specifically of Muslims, is spilled, the monster of unbiasedness gets onto BBC's back.	Now where are all the journalism principles. When it comes to muslims blood BBC seems to take its eyes off the reality.
by the way is a flag bearer of rights	Otherwise portrays itself as flag bearer of righteousness.	which considers itself the standard bearer of truth.	By the way self proclaimed leader of rights.
to raise voice is a far reality, the limit of hypocrisy is that it doesn't even publish the views	Saying something from their side is a far away thing, they do not want even comments	Forget about breaking something on its own, the height of heartlessness is that it does not even publish comments	Pubslishing something from their own sounds far, they even din't publish the discussions.
from the Muslim side	from the Muslims.	from Muslims	On be half of the muslims
The only difference in you and the Jews is the latter call themselves Jews, they martyr Muslims and living amongst Muslims like you they call themselves Muslims	The difference between you and Jews is that they call themselves Jews and Martyr the Muslims and people like you live among Muslims, by calling themselves Muslims, to Muslims	The only difference between you and the Jews is that they call themselves Jews and martyr the Muslims, and the likes of you stay among Muslims, call yourselves Muslims and cause Muslims..	They say that in the World you are very much difference  By Remining Muslims you and other muslims are in martyred direction and they say all about the muslims
syja786	[syja786]	[syja786]	there will not any words to translate in this column...
For a while, BBC forums have been making a certain point, sometimes while discussing suicide attacks and other times, terrorism in India.	Long time since, in the forums of BBC, a specific cult has been targeted sometimes in suicide attacks and sometimes in terrorism happening in India.	For a long time on BBC forums, sometimes suicide bombing and other times terrorism in India was used to target a certain sect.	A BBC forums said there will never be suicide attacks in India and also never terrorism in front of a particular faith in the target.
The most used word in these anti-Islamic comments is extremism.	Extremism is the favorite word for those anti-islamic comments.	The favorite word of these Anti-Islamic discussions was Extremism.	In the extremism word Anti-Islam remarks of his life.
But, who is extremist, that you can easily figure out from the above comment.	But by viewing the above comment, you can easily diffrentiate who is the actual extremist, in which almost a Fatwa of blasphemy has been pronounced for writing against Iran.	You can get a very good idea, about who an extremist is, from the above discussion in which, writing against Iran was almost considered blasphemy.	The extremists who is the comments of the above you are not terrorism to send to the particular target
When will our Muslims understand that Dajjal can not be fought with the sword?	When will our Muslims understand that Dajjal can't be fought with the help of sword.	When will our muslims understand that Anti Christ can not be fought with swords.	When would our Muslims learn that demon could not be fought with sword.
Looking at the helpless people facing the Israel bombings, if the heart does not cry tears of blood what coes it do?	After watching Israel's bombings on unarmed people, what would one's tear-filled heart do?	Looking at unarmed people in the bombing of Israel, what shall one do other than crying?	After seeing the bombardment of Israel in which innocent people unarmed heart cries tears of blood what to do?
But the most basic mistake behind this destruction and killing is that we try to use the name of Jihad to disfigure the beautiful face of Islam.	But the actual blame should go to that terrorism and violence, which we state as Jihad and ruin the beautiful name of Islam.	But the basic fault is of this turmoil and massacre which by naming Jihad, we try to blacken the beautiful face of Islam.	But the root cause is this that in the name of killing people which gives a bad impression on Islam
When majority of the Palestinians have accepted the existece of Israel, then what need does Hamas have to send rockets into Israel or conduct suicide attacks.	Since the majority of Palestinians have already accepted the existence of Israel, does it make sense for Hamas to fire rockets on Israel or do suicide attacks.	When majority of Palestinians accepted the existence of Israel then why did Hammas need to fire those rockets on Israel and made suicide attacks?	When Palestinian heads had accepted Israels existence then what is the necessary for himas to attack Israel with rockets or committing suicide attacks.
The conduct of both sides is misanthropist.	Behavior from both side lacks humanity.	Attitude of the both the sides is against humanity.	This type of behavior is against humanity.
The action of the United Nations and the United States seem to be supporting the Israeli wrongdoings.	The character played by America and United Nations again showed us their support for the cruelties of Israel.	The role of UN and the USA was again seen as favoring towards the injustice of Israel.	Then we have a view of America and other countries supporting Israel.
May Allah allow the Muslim nation to unite. Amen.	May ALLAH grant us, the Muslims, a way to re-unite. Ameen.	May Allah give muslim nation the understanding of becoming  united. Ameen!	God bless all Muslims to be one, 'Ameen'
And we should think about giving the real terrorists an anti-terrorism Nobel prize for their painstaking efforts against terrorism, as after all, they are doing the real work.	and the real terrorists should be given the noble prize for this painful movement against terrorism, after all they are doing the real work.	As a matter of fact,think about giving Noble Prise to terrorists for carrying out this painful terrorist activity, as a campaign against terrorism, eventually the actual work is being done by them.	And main terrorist should be prosecuted for their painful activities because the main work is done by him.
Otherwise, would it be possible for terrorism to take place at such a large scale without the support of some big leader? And everyone knows who is controlling the strings.	otherwise, is this large scale terrorism possible without the support of some big feudal and everyone knows who these controller are.	Otherwise, is it possible to carryout terrorist activity on such a massive scale without the assistance of Chiefs and  every one knows who are pulling their strings.	Or else will terrorist be able to do on such a great level of terrorism and who is behind this everyone knows.
In easy words, such gangsters are told to do whatever they want.	so in this situation, in common terms it is called DADAGEERI which means do what ever you can.	In such a situation it can be termed as high handedness "Do what ever you can".	In this situation in easy language it could be denoted as mafiasm
What a forceful act, hit on the head, and do not allow to cry.	That it even hits you hard on the head and does not even let you cry.	The strong mans fist,it beats over the head and do not let one cry.	Hitting people hard and leave them to cry.
The medicines for the injured, the shroud and compensation for  the dead are being given by the Arab rulers, and the question is,	medicines for injured, and coffins for the dead are being supplied by the Arab leaders and asked that	The Arab rulers are giving medicines for the injured,Funeral clothing's for the dead and money and they are asking	Although medicines for the wounded, shrouds and compensation money for the dead are being provided by the Arab Rulers but it is being asked.
Israeli attacks, what should happen?	Should the Israeli attacks take place?	should the Israelis continue attacks?	What should be done about Israeli attacks?
The actual problem is that the leaders of all the Muslim countries, including the Saudi king are in a deep sleep. They neither have an army nor any protective plans. They think they can support and fulfill their responsibility.	this is the actual problem that the leaders of Muslim countries including Saudi crownprince are in a false sleep, neither they have an army nor any plan for defense and just by providing aid they think they have fulfilled their responsibilities.	The actual problem is that the rulers of Islamic countries including Saudi Arabia are dreaming undutiful while asleep,Neither they have army nor they have defence plans,they just think that by providing aid they have done their duty.	The problem is that the heads of state of all the muslim countries including Saudi Arabia are in a deep slumber. Neither do they have an army nor any defensive strategy. All they think of is that by giving aid, they have fulfilled their obligation.
They should take immediate action against Israel.	they should take immediate measures against Israel.	They should immediately take practical steps against the Israel	They should immediately take practical steps against Israeli aggression.
such as stopping the sale of petrol to Europe and America, but unfortunately..	for example stopping the supplies of petrol to European countries and America but alas they	like cutting of oil supply to European countries and America, but sorry for them.	Like placing an embargo on the oil to European countries and America but alas they ......
Salams to all sisters and brothers.	Salam to All brothers and sisters!	Regards to all brothers and sisters	Greetings to all brothers and sisters!
I believe that in this time of difficulty, telling Hamas to stop their struggle for the sake of peace is an injustice to thousands of widows and hundreds of thousands orphans, and it is similar to considering them defeated.	i think at this hard time advising hammas to stop struggling in the name of peace would be injustified with thousands of widows and millions of orphans, and it would be similar to prove them wrong.	I think asking Hamas to give up their struggle for the sake of peace is unfair to millions of widows and orphans. It is similar to prove them unsuccessful.	In my opinion, telling Hamas to quit in the name of peace now, would be an injustice to thousands of widows and orphans.
If Israel and its supporters are at the height of their Pharoahism, soon Moses will be born within their house, as this is the rule of nature, as the steps taken by America and Israel have acted like a fertilizer in growing suicide bombers among the Muslims.	If israel and its followers are at peak of cruelty then soon a revolution to stop all this is going to show up because this is the law of nature. America and isreal's steps are upbringing suicide bombers.	If the  Pharaoh-ism of US and Israel is on rise then Moses will come to counter them because every Pharaoh has a Moses.The American and Israelis actions are producing suicide bombers among Muslims.	If the Israelites and their supporters are at a rise, then soon Moses shall be born, as this is the law of nature. America and Israel work as gunpowder amongst suicide bombers in Muslims.
Which these power intoxicated elephants are not realizing.	they can can not understand who are blind in trance of power.	Power has abandoned their ability to think and understand.	The power drunk elephants do not understand this.
Abu Abdullah, Pakistan	Abu Abdullah, Pakistan	Abu Abdullah, Pakistan	Abu Abdulla: Pakistan.
Israel and Hamas should enter a truce so that the death and destruction can come to an end.	Now hammas and israel should befriended to stop blood shed.	Now Hamas and Israel should seize fire to stop bloodshed.	Hamas and Israel should reconcile so that this bloodshed comes to an end.
Mohammad Sarfaraz, Paris, France	Muhammad Sarfaraz, Paris, France.	Mohammad Sarfraz, Paris, France	Muhammad Sarfraz, Paris, France
Absolutely correctly stated	very rightly said.	rightly said	Absolutely true.
Supposing that Hamas is 100% on the truth, and they are struggling against oppression, to become successful in the eyes of Allah. Even then, they should know that if a good deed is resulting in the destruction of an established house, it is no more a good deed.	Assumingly if hammas is 100% right and by fighting against malice it gets higher place in the eyes of God even then atleast they should realize if by good deeds peace of others home is shattered then that act is no longer a good deed.	Suppose Hamas is on right path and struggling against cruelty for the sake of God's will; they should know that an act of goodness does not remain good if it causes harms to others.	Letâ€™s suppose that Hamas is really the righteous one and they have waged Jihad against the tyranny to become successful in the divine court, even then they should at least realize that if good brings harm to the people then it is of no use
Those who claim to love God, love the messenger and love their religion, loving mankind is a part of their faith.	those who claim to love God, His Prophet(P.B.U.H) and their religion, to love humanity is part of their belief.	Love for humanity is the precondition for God and his prophet's love.	Those who claim to love God, his Messenger, and their religion; it becomes an integral part of their faith to love humanity.
As if it is the order of Allah to evacuate all the people of the Book from the face of the earth, other than the Muslims.	consequently after muslims confiscation of everybody on earth is Allah's order.	It seems God has asked to annihilate all others than Muslims	So after muslims, all believers who are living on this earth should be wiped out according to the command of Allah?
Najeebur Rahman Syco, Lahore	Najibur Rehman Psycho, *Lahore* [P@KI@N]	Najeeb-ur-Rahman Psycho *Lahore* [Pakian]	Najeeb-ur-Rehman Psycho, *Lahore* [P@KI$T@N]
No, not to kill them, but rather the order is to invite them to Islam.	no there are no orders to destroy but to invite them to come to Islam.	No! It is not decreed to annihilate but it is decreed to invite people to Islam.	No, not to be wiped out but the command is to convey to them the message of Islam.
But those people who plan against the religion, there is the order to perform Jihad against them.	but Jihad is ordered against those who do conspiracies against the religion.	But people who do conspiracies against the religion, it is decreed to do Jihad against them.	But Jihad should be waged against those who conspire against the religion.
To fight them until they stop their plans, but this does definitely not mean that you wear a jacket and blow up in a crowd.	these people should be fought with unless they stop these conspiracies - but this doesn't mean at all that one should wear a jacket and blast himself at a gathering.	One should fight with them until they finish their conspiracies. But this certainly does not mean that they can wear a jacket and blow up in a crowd.	They will be fought against until they abandon their nefarious plans but this doesnâ€™t mean that a suicide bomber, wearing a jacket, should blast himself in a gathering.
Brothers, the end result of killing innocent children is destruction.	brothers, the only end to the killer of innocent children is destruction.	Brothers, the consequence of a murderer of children is disaster.	Brothers, the fate of the murderer of innocent children is annihilation.
But I would like to tell my friends that yesterday the Israelis did not have any place for shelter, but today they have become so strong that they do not listen to anyone. This is because the Jews are one.	but I ask my friends that the Israelis who did not have a place to shelter in past have become so strong today that they don't listen to any one, this is because the Jews are united.	But its a request to my friends that yesterday Israelis did not have a roof over their heads and today they are so strong that they do not listen to anyone because all Jews are one.	But my request to my friends is that Israelis, who had no refuge until yesterday, are now so powerful today that they don't pay heed to what the world says because the Jews are one.
They do not have Shia, Sunni. They are all just Jews, and they have made everything for development.	there are no Shea's and Sunnis, there are all just Jews and they have developed everything in every field.	They do not have Shiite nor Sunni, all are just Jews. And they have succeeded in every field and made everything.	They are not divided into Shiites and Sunnis but they are all Jews and have made progress in every field of life, built everything.
On the other hand, what is the state of the 55 Islamic countries?	in contrast, what is the condition of 55 Islamic countries?	Opposite to this, what is the condition of 55 Islamic Countries?	On the contrary, what is the condition of the 55 Islamic states?
They are behind in every field, and now the situation is that they have become so helpless that the enemy is killing them and they are waiting to die.	they are behind in every field and they have become so helpless that the enemies are killing them and they are waiting for the death.	Lagging in every field and now the condition is this that they are so helpless that enemies are killing them and they are waiting for their death.	They are lagging behind in every field and now they are so helpless that they are at the mercy of their enemy and are just waiting for their death.
The need is for all the Muslim countries to get togetherand prepare an action plan against Israel.	it is essential that all Muslim countries unite and prepare a strategy against Israel.	Point required is that all Muslim countries should get together and should make a plan against Israel.	now there is a need for America that all the Muslims combine and collect evidences against Israel.
Feroz Magsi, Jhang, Pakistan	Feroz Magsi, Jhang, Pakistan	Feroz Magsi, Jhang, Pakistan	Pakistan ØŒFeroz magsiØŒ JhangØŒ
And there is no better course of action than accepting Israel. Learn new technology and ways of success from them and let the world live in peace.	and there is no better strategy, that recognize Israel, learn modern education and means of progress and let the world live in peace and harmony.	And there is no better action plan than this, to accept Israel and to learn modern science and developmental ways from it, and allow the world to live in peace and calm.	And better than this would be that israel should be investigated and teach them good and let the world in peace.
Muslims have great land and resources.	The Muslims have plenty of land and means as well.	Muslims have a lot of land and resources.	Muslims have plenty of land and resources.
The need is correct usage.	the need is of proper use.	The need is for proper utilisation.	There is need to be used properly.
First of all, the most tragic part is that Hammas and Alfatah could not be united.	this first most disappointing factor is that Hamas and Alfateh could not unite.	First, the part that hurts the most is that there could not be unity between Hamas and Al-Fath.	One of the shameful situation is this that there wound be no compromise between Himas and Alfath.
The only reason to destroy great leaders like Yasir Arafat and Sheikh Yasin was to weaken the only nation fighting for Aqsa Mosque. And it was impossible until Yasir and Yasin were removed from the way.	Great leaders like Yasir Arafat and Sheikh Yasin were killed in an organized manner in order to weaken this brave nation which is doing Jihad for the Aqsa Mosque and this was impossible without removing Yasin and Arafat from the way.	Great leader like Yasir Arafat and Sheikh Yasin were systematically killed to weaken the brave nation of the only region which is still fighting for Masjid Aqsa, and this was not possible as long as Yasin and Arafat were in the way.	famous personalities like Yasser Arafat and Sheik Yasein were been assassinated very diplomatically  for Mosque Aksa fighting for 'Jihad(holy war)' could be weakened this could have been done only by assassinating Yaseer and Arafat.
The world is watching that how Palestine was falling down every second after the death of these two leaders.	the world is witnessing that how Palestine had been scattering  after the death of these two leaders.	The world is watching how Palestine is getting scattered, second by second, after the death of these two leaders.	The world is watching how after these two leaders Palestinians second by second scattering
And  how this lobby of jews strengthened their target by every moment.	and how the Jewish lobby gradually kept strengthening its grip.	And how the Jewish lobby is increasing its reach, second by second.	and how Jews second by second strengthening their positions
In 1974, a Pakistani Prime minister was in such world power that he led all the muslim leaders under one roof with 100% attendance first time in the history.	in 1974 a Pakistani prime minister was so worldly trusted that first time in the history he manged to gather all the Muslim leaders under one roof with hundred percent attendance.	In 1974, Pakistan had a Prime Minister of such global credentials that for the first time in the history of the country, he gathered all the Muslims leaders, with a 100% attendance, under a single roof.	In 1974 a Pakistani Prime Minister was of such an International trust that first time in history he united all the Muslim leaders under one roof with 100 percent attendance.
Today, on his 81st birthday, is it hard for this nation to make a promise that whether it will unite itself or not.	today on his 81st birthday, is it a very difficult task that the whole nation promise to not only keep unity in its lines	Today on his 81st birth anniversary, is it a very difficult task for the people to pledge to keep unity, not only within their ranks,	Today on his 81st birthday is it hard enough for the nation to promise for unity with each other
more over by resolving Muslims conflicts (Islamic common wealth establishment) will give plunge to its uncompleted mission.	Rather the incomplete mission (of forming a joint Islamic nation) will be advanced while still removing the differences between the Muslims?	also, while eradicating the differences between other Muslims,  its (The formation of Islamic common wealth) mission will be carried forward	but by eliminating the differences between other Muslims will accomplish its (establishment of Islamic Common Wealth) incomplete mission.
this is that jinn which lap to Palestinian since more than half century	This is a Jinn, which has entered Palestine for half a century.	its a monster that has gripped Palestine for half a century.	This is the Jin which has grabbed the Palestine by half a century.
this jinn have many face.	That Jinn has many mouths.	this monster has many faces.	This Jin has many mouths.
many time this jinn on his some other face give a bad remarks for his own self to turn back worlds pressure and concentration.	Many a times, this Jinn calls itself bad names from one of its other mouths to divert the attention and reduce the pressure of the world from it.	many times this monster criticizes itself from its own but different mouth to divert the pressure and attention of the world.	Many times this Jin converts the attention and pressure of the World by calling bad names to himeself from his own or from any other mouth.
and this jinn other face eating peoples in Iraq, Afghanistan, Iran and Pakistan.	It is another mouth of this Jinn whichis eating people in Iraq, Afghanistan, Iran and Pakistan.	and its other mouths are eating humans in Iraq, Afghanistan, Iran and Pakistan.	And other mouth of this Jin is eating humen beings in Iraq,Afghanistan,Iran and in Pakistan.
and this jinn have a big fear of Islam, as this jinn knows that when ever he pull out this only and only by Islam Muslims and Muslims complete religion and act of Islam pull out because history said that Islam put on right track many biggest Abujahal.	This Jinn fears Islam the most, as it knows that whenever it is removed, only Islam, Mulsims and the complete religion of Islam being followed practically, in its followers can remove it, as history proves that Islam has brought many Abu Jahls to the path.	this monster is most unhappy with Islam because it knows that whenever it will be kicked out that will be through Islam, Muslims, the perfect religion of Muslim and Practical Islam as the history tells that Islam has put giants like Abu Jehl on the right path.	And this Jin is the most anoid with Islam than any other,because it knows that whenever it had turned out,it would have been only and only by Islam, Muslims, and complete faith of Muslims and by practical Islam.The history tells that Islam has taken many people like Abu- Jehal on the right path.
Israels fighter jets start bombarding on Gaza and lunched missile attacks from 27th of December.	The series of bombings of Gaza by Israeli war planes and missile strikes has been going on since the 27th of December.	bombing from Israeli fighter planes on Gaza has continued  since 27th of December.	Israel With air attack bombarded on Gaza and also attacked missiles since 27th December
in this attack more than three hundred resident died.	More than three hundred Israeli citizens have died so far in these attacks.	more that 3 hundred Palestinians have been killed in these attacks.	Due to these attacks more than 300 Palestinian civilians are dead
after air attack now Israeli tanks and bulletproof vehicles prepare completely to war through land and reached on Gaza boundary.	Now, after the air strikes, Israeli tanks have reached the Gaza border, completely prepared to launch a land offensive.	after the Arial attacks, Israeli tanks and armed vehicles have reached the Gaza border with complete preparation for a ground attack.	After air attacks now Israeli tanks and with other military vehicles of land inspection have reached the border of Gaza
United Nations Security council on its emergency gathering through agreed statement ask for immediate stop of Violent activities from Israel and Palestinian.	The Security Council of the United Nations, through an agreed upon resolution passed in an emergency meeting, have demanded that Israeli and Palestinian authorities stop extremist activities immediately.	through a unanimous resolution in an emergency meeting of the security council, the United Nations has demanded Israel and the Palestinian authorities to ceasefire.	UNO Security Council in Emergengency meetings have declared it as not good and guided Israeli and paestinians to stop the inspections
although Israel official said that it will continue its action in Gaza until he believe that rockets attack end on Israel.	however the Israeli authorities say that they will continue operation in Gaza until they make sure that rocket attacks on Israel have stopped.	However, Israeli officials claim that they will continue their action in Gaza until they are convinced that Israel will be safe from rocket attacks.	Hence Israeli officials have said that they would continue this inspection until they are confident about Israel not targeted by rocket attacks
what is your suggestion about Israel it is right this action is for try to defense stability of Israel?	in your opinion, is this claim of Israel true that it's doing all this for defending the sovereignty of Israel?	In your opinion, is the statement by Israel, that this is an Israeli struggle for safety, acceptable?	In your opinion is this right for Israel to say about this inspection is to protect Israel?
is international world do its part in this scenario?	is the world community playing its role in such situation?	In this situation, is the global brotherhood doing its job?	In this situation is the world organization playing its role?
does this intense action link to Israels upcoming next election?	does this aggression has an indirect relation with the coming elections in Israel?	Can this inhumane action have a direct relation with the upcoming elections in Israel?	Is this situations due to uprising situations in Israel?
is American newly elected president Barak Obama  after take his position would any improvement in middle east?	can any improvement be expected in the situation in Middle East after the succession of the newly elected American president Barak Obama.	Can there be any expectation of improvement in the Middle East situation, after newly elected president Barack Obama takes office?	Is America after having the new President Bari Obama will there be any good in conditions in west?
kindly note down that due to increase the number of comments only Urdu suggestions will publish.	(Kindly note that due to the increase in number of reviews, only those typed in Urdu will be published.	(Please note that due to an increase in the number of comments, only comments typed in Urdu will be published.	(Respective please note that the words typed in Urdu will be reviewed
for that press alt+shift on onscreen keyboard to select Urdu.	for this press Alt+Shift on the on-screen keyboard to select Urdu)	For this, hit Alt+Shift on the on-screen keyboard and select Urdu.)	for this in onscreen board press alt+shft and select Urdu?
Palestine is the holiest place for Muslims till the end of the word and its safety is our necessary part.	Palestine will forever remain a sacred place for Muslims and its protection is a must for us.	Palestine is a holy land for the Muslims, all over the world, and protecting it is a necessary duty for us.	Palestine is a holy place for us and its defence is our duty
and we have to remember that this is our first Qiblah	and we should also remember that it is also our Qibla e Awwal.	We should also remember that it was our first Qiblah.	And we should also remain that Palestine is our first place of worship
and Israel India and America would have to finish. because this country exist for breaking up, soon God definitely give them doom Sajid Sadiq, Lahore.	Israel and India have to vanish one day since these countries are made to be broken and God will surely torment these disbelievers. Sajid Sadiq, Lahore.	And Israel, America and India have to disappear one day, as they are made only to be destroyed, and Allah will definitely destroy the disbelievers. Sajid Sadiq, Lahore.	And israel and america has to be destroyed one day.Cause they were made to be finished and God is surely going to get them into disaster. Sajid Sadiq Lahore
"When has the night of loneliness been spent shedding tears,	"When has a lonely night passed merely by weeping	"when the night of loneliness can be passed by tearing down	The dark and tough night is very hard suffer
When has a calamity been averted only by supplication" (Nawab Zadah Nasrullah Khan)	When has misfortune departed by praying only" (Nawabzada Nasrullah Khan)	when an affliction can be avoided with only prayers" (Nawabzadah Nasrullah Khan)	Problem can not be  solved just by prayers
BBC searches for such comments and publishes them.	B.B.C makes it a point to dig out and publish such accounts.	BBC publishes these kind of comments after deep search.	Such reviews are anxiously telecasted by BBC.
After all it has to keep up the flag and perception of non-alignment.	Afterall they have to maintain the illusion and impression of their neutrality.	after all a neutral impression is to be maintained.	After all the image and prestige of neutralism has to be kept.
As such, the news on BBC is usually true, but the main thing is the tone.	By the way B.B.C news is factual but an essential factor is the tone in which the news is delivered.	although the news from BBC are usually correct but the real thing is the style of the news.	Though BBC news are often true but the real thing is the delivery.
Which thing should be highlighted and which piece of news should be given less importance.	Which news to be made prominent and which news to be considered as insignificant.	what should be pointed out and what news should be given less importance.	What to highlight and which news is given less importance.
etc. etc.	etc. etc.	etc. etc.	etc. etc.
Zaheer Chughtai	Zaheer Chughtai	Zaheer Chughtai	Zaheer Chughtai
In this practice, our Pakistani Wire-net media, in particular some columnists and newspapers are not far behind any more, as they are writing with courage against the growing extremism and terrorism and stressing a lot upon 'Muawiyah hate'.	Now even the electronic media as well as printed media of Pakistan, specifically a few urdu newspapers and columnists, are not behind anybody else in exhibiting this skill- who,while giving coverage of the increasing extremism and terrorism, and while writing about it, hide facts about the grudge mafia.	in this art now a days the Pakistani electronic and print media, specially some Urdu newspapers and columnists are no more behind anyone, who cheat in the coverage of the increasing extremism and terrorism or in the "grudge of Muavia" written on them.	Now In this regard our Pakistani print and electronic media, specially few Urdu newspapers and columnists etc. are not behind in the trade who in the coverage or writing of increasing terrorism exaggerate to hell.
He said that the United Nations which speaks of human rights and peace, but though the Muslims ar being oppressed greatly, you hear them say that until Hamas does not stop it's attacks, this unfair policy will continue.	Has been said that United Nations seemingly supports human rights and peace but actually the muslims are being subjected to extreme levels of cruelty and brutality. And what we hear from United Nations is that Hamas should stop the attacks. How long will this hypocrisy carry on.	has said that the United Nations which apparently talks of Human rights and peace, but when it comes to grimness and coercion over Muslims the only words coming out of its mouth are that Hamas should stop the attacks. how long this hypocrisy will continue.	At one side the United Nations, which apparently talks about human rights and peace, Muslims are wronged and tortured to their limits , but the United Nations only condemn Hammas attacks. For how long will they continue to have this two faced policies
Why Muslims are getting abused, If People like America will leave the back support of Jews then Allah has said clearly that this caste will spend there life contemptible and this caste can not spend there life good,  if American Citizens has the guts to leave the Back support of Jews then see the Fortune of the life of Jews	Why there is so much atrocity on Muslims. If people like America leave backing up of Jews then Allah Almighty had said that this nation will live a shabby life and this nation can never live a right life. So if Americans you have courage then leave backing up of them and see then their fate of life.	Why is so much oppression being done on the Muslims? If people such as America stop supporting these Jews, then Allah has declared that they will live the life of a disgraced people, and such people can never lead a proper life. So if the Americans have courage, let them stop their support, and then see what kind of life they get.	Why are the Muslims tortured that much, if the American people stop favouring Jews then as God said that they would live worst lives, so Americans, u stop favouring them and then see their fate
The People who are killing and murdering the people on the name of peace and justice they have to understand this clearly that in this world peace will come only and only by administer an Oath not by doing injustice and semination	So-called writers and murderers in name of peace should understand that peace in the world can only and only be obtained through giving justice not through genocides.	The famous just people of the world and those that kill people in the name of peace should understand that peace will only be prevalent through administering justice, and not by being unjust and killing people.	All these world renowned leaders and people who murder innocents in the name of peace should realize that peace in the world can only be achieved by justice, and not through injustice or wiping entire races.
If only by doing semination u can kill the caste and want to withdraw the results what you want then after Hitlers Measure not only the Jews caste was continued but in one way the ascent as today was impossible	If any nations can be perished through genocide and results of choice can be obtained then after actions of Hitler, existence of Jews and their uprising was impossible.	If any tribe could be finished by killing their people, and if the required results could be obtained, then after Hitler's steps, not only the presence but the rise that the Jews are enjoying today, could not have been possible.	If killing a particular race off completely is the answer, then Hitler's plan would not have seen any jews survive, and definitely not seen their rise.
In the Words of Poet	As poet says.	In the words of a poet	Says a poet
Abuse is again an abuse if its get higher it will be erased	Atrocity is atrocity, it vanishes when it rises.	Oppression is oppression, that the more it's done the more it is erased.	Injustice is injustice. If it breeds, it dies.
Blood is again a Blood if it falls down it will Freeze	Blood is blood, clots when drop.	Blood is blood, that the more it falls, the more it gathers.	Blood is blood. If it bleeds, it dries.
Now who will say to whom that what is Terrorism?	Now who will tell whom what is terrorism?	Now who can tell who did terrorism?	How can anyone define terrorism?
Why this all does not comes under Terrorism, why only our pain is seems to be like every ones pain	Is this comes in terrorism, why? because own pain is only felt.	Is all this not included in terrorism? Why does everybody worry only about their own pain?	Isn't all this terrorism too? Why does only ones pain seem painful?
Why the other people are not the human beings or only Muslims blood has become so cheap, these many innocents blood was not red in color	Other people are not humans or blood of Muslims is so cheap or color of these innocent's was not red?	Are others not human? Or is it that the blood of Muslims has become so cheap? Was the blood of this many innocent not red?	Aren't other people human too? So why is only Muslim blood so important? Wasn't all the innocent people's blood red too?
Now from any where why the condolence message is not coming?	And now why there is no condolence message coming from anywhere?	And why is there no one to send a mourning message from anywhere?	So why are there no disapproval messages now?
I watched the progress of the Mumbai incident, as if my own house was on fire. The sorrow of humans can not be watched, and who can not see this sorrow? If only Muslims would think a bit, together.	I saw the terror act of Mumbai attacks as my own house was set on fire. It is painful to see the sufferings of humanity.   if such sufferings can not be seen by others. May the Muslims think collectively.	I saw Bombay blasts operation like this fire was in my own house. Can not see the sorrow of mankind. And can anyone not see this sorrow? Alas if Muslims would think as one.	I watched the Mumbai attacks investigations like the fire was in my own home. I cannot watch this human suffering. Can't everyone else see this suffering? I wish Muslims all over could come together and think about this.
How can words derogate the bodies strewn on the streets, helpless innocent faced people, injured and soaked in blood?	Dead bodies on the roads, helpless and wounded people stained with their own blood. How it should be condemned; words are too poor to express this condemnation.	Dead bodies on the road, helpless injured and innocent faces soaked in blood, how shall we condemn, I can not find words!	Bodies on load without anyone to see wounded and blooded innocent faces how does not get words to describe
I feel like crying about the helplessness of Muslims, that on one side, people are dying in India, and the whole world is climbing onto Pakistan, without any proof and saying, take action or else we will.	My heart is crying over the miseries and helplessness of Muslims. On one hand People are being killed in India and on the other hand, without any solid proof, whole world is pressing Pakistan to do more or we will do it ourselves.	I feel like crying over the helplessness of the Muslims that on one side people are being killed in India so the rest of the world comes over Pakistan without any proof and asks to perform operations otherwise we will do it ourselves!	it is pity on the position of Muslims at one side if people are killed in India then the whole without evidence tells Pakistan to investigate or else we would do it
And on the other side, Israel is ruthlessly killing Muslims and the whole world is silent. This is unbearable.	On the other side Israel is killing Muslims. The silence of the world is intolerable.	And on the other side, Israel is killing generations of muslims in front of everyone and the world is silent. This is unbearable!	And other side Israel wants to end Muslims and world is quiet this is unacceptable
There is delay, but no darkness, with God. That too, when this darkness comes to pass.	It may be delayed but God will surely do the justice to end the dominance of falsehood.	There is delay but not NEVER in the house of God and only then will this darkness shed. Then	God has light not darkness and when this darkness ends then.
Danger to Israel, with America present, is a joke.	A threat to Israel's security in the presence of US, no way! it is a joke.	In the presence of America, danger to the integrity of Israel is a joke.	The threat to Israeli sovereignty is a joke as long as it has America's backing.
As for elections, there is no doubt, to gain public support, such actions will have to be taken for the sake of power, especially in a state like Israel. As for Barack Obama, history is witness that no American ruler has been able to go against the American policy and nor will they go. Whether the ruler is white or black, he is still a ruler.	In Israel, such tactics are used by ruling party to achieve public support.Historically no president was powerful enough to change American policies.Barrack Obama is no exception. Forces of Exploitation are similar in their character; whether they are black or white.	Considering elections, the rulers should do such activities for people's support. There is no doubt in this specially when countries like Israel exist. Rest talking about Barrack Obama, then history is the witness that no American leader has gone against the policy and nor will do it. Regime, whether black or white, is a regime.	As far as elections are concerned, it is not surprising that the people who are in power do such things to win the heart and mind of people especially in a state like Israel. And speaking of Barak Obama, history shows that no American president has wavered from the policy and will not do so in future. A tyrant is a tyrant whether he is white or black.
From the discussions going on in the forum, it seems that everyone is hurt over her death, but as a politician, her mistakes have not been ignored.	In this forum discussion, it is clear that every body is mourning the death of Benazir but she is not forgiven for her political mistakes.	The debate going on in the forum makes it clear that every one is sad on Benazir's death but as a politician, one can not ignore her mistakes.	It appears from the conversation of forum that everyone is grieved over Benazir death but as politician her mistakes are not forgotten.
This issue is debatable, as to whether Benazir gave her life for democracy or for power.	It is debatable whether Benazir died for democracy or for the lust of Power.	This talk requires debate that whether Benazir gave her life for democracy or for power.	It is debatable that Benazir died for democracy or for power.
If democracy was dearer, why did she leave the republic for ten years in the control of Musharraf, waiting for American clearance and deal?	If Democracy was her motto then why did not she come before American clearance and deal? Whey did she leave democracy under the control of Musharraf's dictatorship for 10 years?	If democracy was so dear then  why was it left in 10 year dictatorship of Musharaf until American clearance and the deal.	If she sacrificed for democracy then why she left democracy in the dictatorship of Musharraf for 10 years till she got a deal and American clearance?
Benazir did not come to Pakistan when the people needed her the most, unfortunately she came to Pakistan when she had to deal with cases and was promised a seat of power.	Benazir did not come to Pakistan when the stratocracised public needed her, unfortunately she came at a time when her acquittal from her cases and her supremacy was promised.	Benazir did not come to Pakistan when people affected by dictatorship needed her. Unfortunately she came to Pakistan when she assured about government and that she will be freed from trails.	Benazir did not return Pakistan when dictatorship affected people needed her she returned Pakistan when she has the assurances of free from cases and of power.
The blames that are being laid down on historical figures and not addressed by anyone.	when each and every historic personality is being accused, there is no one to say any thing over this.	There is no one remaining to say about the criticism and accusations of a historical personality.	No one is going to say anything about the way that this historical figure is being falsely accused.
Sana Khan	Sana Khan	Sana Khan	Sana Khan.
As some things are over looked under these circumstances nothing can be done.	few things are ignored thinking that nothing can be done of them.	Somethings should be ignored because nothing can be done about them.	Some things are ignored because nothing can be done about them.
One more Kari	another reader.	One more reader	One more writer.
Ladies and gentlemen maybe due to studying the history in not only Pakistan but in its four friend nations and seven other nations, you find the arguments of Mr Psycho more appealing.	Sir/Sir probably you should not only study Pakistan's history but that of 4 friend and 7 other countries, may be you would agree with Psycho's point of view.	Ladies and gentlemen probably you will understand My Syco because you have not only read history of Pakistan  but you have also read about Sir in 4 friendly countries and 7 others	Sir/Madam, maybe if you read not only the history of Pakistan, but of it's neighboring four countries, or of seven other countries, then you might understand the meaning of Mr. Psycho.
Tariq Ayyaz	Tariq Ayaz	Tariq Ayaz	Tariq Abbas
Those who don't deserve such education shouldn't get it either.	'those who don't have a good nature can't be corrected through training'	Neither was given nature that can be improved with education	One whose nature is wrong cannot be taught.
The reflection of the pine in water never got to be green.	living green in the water made the reflection of the wheat plant look like a cypress.	Remain green in water	For reflection in water is not always clear.
Britain never allowed the two to be united and always came up with a new Hindu Muslim conflict which was looked after by Sir Syed.	Britain never let them unite and established the Hindu-Muslim conflict which was later on brought up by Sir Syed.	England did not let them come close and created Hindu-Muslim conflict that was pampered by Sir Syed	Britain never let them become one, and invented the hindu-muslim friction which was taken ahead by sir Syed.
Psycho	psycho	Psycho	Psycho.
How merciless is our nation. We are blind when writing in favor of ourselves and our party but now when every historical intellectual is being blamed and critiqued, no one is saying a word.	how brutal is our nation, not only we are blind while writing odes on ourselves and our parties but now we are picking, accusing and criticizing every historical scholar and no body is there to say any thing over this.	How bloody is our Nation and in our parties excitement while writing the Epode they will be blind but now every historic people is trying to pinpoint an accusation and criticize the judious, but on this there is no one is tell any thing	So relentless is our nation, that they are blind when writing poetry for their parties, but no one says anything when our historical figures are battered and falsely accused.
We have succeeded a lot!	enough of development that we have made.	We people have achieved lot of success	We have progressed enough.
Sana Khan	Sana Khan	Sana Khan	Sana Khan.
Some things are ignored thinking that nothing can be done about them. Just like a donkey does not become a scholar if you en wreathe him with books.	few things are ignored just by thinking that nothing can be done of them. Just like a donkey can not become a scholar by just loading books over it.	Few things can be avoided by thinking that nothing can be done for this in the same way as if we put books on donkey he will not become a professor	Some things are ignored because nothing can be done about them. Just like a donkey doesn't become a scholar if you put books on him.
Although the ongoing talks between Pakistan and India were interrupted after the Bombay attacks but Pakistan and India should continue these meetings.	although after the Mumbai attacks, there has been a setback in the dialog between Pakistan and India, however Pakistan and India should continue these dialogs.	If after the attack on Mumbai, if there is a problem got created between Pakistan and India in there regular activities but still India and Pakistan has to continue there regular activities	Though the attack in Mumbai diturbed the talks between India and Pakistan, it is said that the talks would still continue between them
If they talk about war then both the sides will suffer human loss.	if we talk of war then it will bring loss of humans from both sides.	If we talk about War then at the both end there will be a loss of human being	If the talk is about war, then there will be many loss of human lives.
India says that Pakistani citizen is caught in Bombay attacks. And he has written and sent a letter in Urdu to Pakistan. But earlier, when India caught this extremist, said that he is a smart engineer but later they declared him to have studied only four grades. This is what has to be considered.	India says that the man caught in the Mumbai attacks is a Pakistani citizen and he has also written a letter to Pakistan in Urdu but on the other hand when India initially apprehended this extremist, they said he is a great engineer and afterwards he was declared as a 4th grader; point to be noted.	India is telling that the person got arrested at the time of Mumbai attack is a Pakistan citizen and he has written a letter in Urdu and sent to Pakistan, but the other end India has first said after arresting him that he is a big Engineer but after that they have proved that he is just 4th standard Pass, point to be observed	During the Mumbai city attack, India said that a letter had been sent by Pakistan. Also, when extremists were captured, it was found that the this attack was well engineered by four party
First of all, merry Christmas to Mr. Bhana and  all christian friends of the forum.	First of all Mary Christmas to Mr. Bhana and to all the Christian brothers of the forum.	first of all to Mr bhana and all western friends of this forum  a happy Christmas	First of all Bahan Saheb and to all Christian friends happy Christmas.
Friends of the forum: Greetings Mr. Psycho, A. Raza, Sister Sana, Sister Shahida Akram and all.	greeting to all friends of the Forum: Mr. Psycho, A. Raza, sister Sana, sister Shahida and Mr. Akram.	Colleagues of the forum: Mr psycho, a raza, sister sana, sister shahedah akram and to all Adaab (salaam, greeting)	All the companions of firm: Seiko Saheb, Ya Raza, Bahan Sana, behan Shaheda, Ikram and all greetins for all.
we do not want the flames of fire but flowers of peace.	We want flowers of peace rather in the flame of war.	We do not want the flames of war, we want the flowers of peace.	We all don't need fire of war but flowers of peace!
War itself is a problem.	War is itself a problem.	War is in itself, a problem.	War itself is a problem
will war give solution to problems.	What solution will the war give?	What problems can war solve?	Do war gives solutions for problems
it will bless with fire and blood.	Today will give Fire and blood.	It will give fire and blood today.	Fir and blood will today be forgiven
will give hunger and exigence.	Tomorrow will give hunger and necessity.	It will give hunger and need tomorrow.	Hungry and despair will be given tomorrow
therefore wise humans	For this wise people	Therefore, O intelligent people,	Because we are all humans
its better to avoid war	it is better that war keeps postponing.	If war keeps getting postponed, it's better.	its better if wars postphones
in yours and ours yards	In your and our garden	In your and our porch,	In your and our gardens
its better that the glim keeps lightened	it is better that candle keeps lit.	If the candle keeps burning, it's better.	its better if lamp glows
the India-America relations have deepened and India knows that when the time comes, America will openly betray Pakistan.	The relationship of India America have become deep and India knows that when the time comes America will openly deceive Pakistan.	Indo-American relations have now gotten quite deep, and India knows with certainty, that America will openly betray Pakistan, when the time comes.	The relations between India and America are now deep rooted and India certainly wishes that if the time comes, America shall betray Pakistan blatantly.
This is that old history of America.	It is the old history of America.	this is also the old history of America.	This is also the history of America.
Because in the case of an Indian attack, America's goals will also be fulfilled and the expenses will be India's.	How ever,America will gain his aims in the Indian attack and the India will expend all.	in case of and Indian attack, America would get its goals and the expense would be on India as well.	Though in case of an attack by India, America will achieve her goals and the expenditure will all be that of India.
Pakistan should clearly announce that it will not start, but if injury is caused, there will be no talks of peace or truce, and the war will not stop until India is completely destroyed or captured, even if it involves our destroying ourselves.	Pakistan should announce clearly that thay will not attack first but when there will be first attack from India then there will be no peace and stopping war until India will be abolished and accopied and there is no any care of our killing.	Pakistan should make a clear statement that we shall not attack first but if we are invaded then there will be no peace, reconciliation and ceasefire until India is completely destroyed or occupied even if we ourselves get destroyed in doing so.	Pakistan should clearly state that they will not take the initiative but if any aggression is waged, then the talk of peace and ceasefire will only take place either after Indiaâ€™s complete destruction or its capture, even if this happens at the cost of their lives.
This is Islamic history.	It is the Islamic history	this is the Islamic history.	This is exactly what Islamic history is.
Before the resolution, the message that had to be given by the public and the army was given.	.  Before this approval, Pakistani public and force delivered the saying which they wanted.	even before this resolution the Pakistani public and army had given the message that they wanted to give.	Before this resolution Pakistani people and army has delivered their message.
In compensation for the Mumbai attacks, the abnormal diplomatic and military benefits that India tried to gain, made it more a victimizing party, than a victim. That is why, in contrast to the harsh initial global reactions, the world has now reduced their force on Pakistan.	The Indian efforts of receiving extra ordinary ambassador and force benefits in fulfilling Mambai attacks are making It clever party mare than impress so after the first world hard opposite action decreased on Pakistan by the world.	Indian efforts for achieving diplomatic and military benefits as a ransom for the Mumbai attacks are making it more clever that effected and that is why in contrast to the initial strict reaction the world community has relaxed its pressure now.	Indian struggle for having unusual diplomatic and military benefits in compensation of Mumbai attacks are proving her cunning party then affected. Therefore the world has reduced its pressure on Pakistan contrasting to its initial hard reaction.
The satisfaction expressed by the United Nations over Pakistani efforts and the praise by the Interpol leader of Pakistani efforts, in disregard of India's commotion, shows the side effect of India's more than necessary diplomatics.	The showing of United States  andthe showing betterment of president of Interpol peace of mind at Pakistani efforts by avoiding unnecessary noise of India is the side effect of the extra ambassador of India.	while ignoring India's unnecessary bobbery, the satisfaction of the United Nations and the appreciation from the Interpol chief over Pakistan's efforts is a "Side Effect" of India's overwhelming diplomacy.	UN has expressed faith on Pakistani efforts ignoring the unnecessary lamentation of India and Interpol's appreciation of Pakistani efforts is the 'side effect' of unwanted Indian diplomacy.
There is no two opinions about this being a very beastly action.	There are no two sayings about this dishonest action.	there are no two opinions over this that it is a heinous act.	There seems to be two opinions that it is not a very brutal action.
But the question is, that when thousands of Taliban were attacking Pir Samiullah's town, where was the Pakistani Army, and what were they doing?	But the question is that where was the Pakistani force and what was doing when thousands talibans attacked at the village of Pir Same-u-Llah.	But the question is that when thousands of Taliban attacked the house of Pir Samiullah, where and what was the Pakistani army doing at that time?	But the question is, on Monday when thousands of Taliban villages were attacklled by samiuah, and the Pakistani army and was where with them?
Should the army not be taken into account, as to what they did there for one year?	Should the contentedness of force not be in action that what they did for the countay.	Should the army not be accountable for what they have done over the past one year?	The army to should not be accountability that a year, he said there?
Every day, how many Taliban die due to the firing of the thousands of mortar and canon shells they fire?	Every day Thousands of missiles and bombs has been thrown due to that how many Taliban citizens has been killed?	How many Taliban are killed by the thousands of shells fired by mortars and cannons everyday?	Thousands are killed every day, the number of the mortar shells and battery, the number is very uneasy for Taliban .
I appeal to the ICI that they stop their guardianship of the Taliban, for Gods sake, and let us live peacefully in paradise like Swat.	I am Requesting ISI, for god sake leave the Guardianship of Taliban and let us live with peace & happiness in our Heaven	I appeal to the I.S.I that for God's sake, stop monitoring the Taliban and let us live in peace in our heavenly hometown Sawat.	The ISI, I appeal to the Taliban that only thing and we will give tutelage heaven Benazir Swat to the peace.
And they stop this fixed operation.	And stop this fake Operation	And stop this phony operation.	And the fake operation.
The day is not far, when a resolution will be passed in the United Nations, against army intervention in Pakistan, in the same way as it was passed against Jama'athud-Da'wah.	In National Unity the day is not too far when in Pakistan the military affirmative will be passed as it has been passed against jamiat-ul-dawa	That day is not far when a resolution about Pakistan's military intervention will be passed by United Nations just like the bill which was passed against Jamat-ud-Dawah.	The day is not far when in UN resolution of Army intrusion in Pakistan will be approved just like the one against Jamat Aldawa.
Riyaz Ahmad Farooqi	Riyaz Ahmed Farooqui	Riaz Ahmad Farooqi	Riaz Ahmed Farooqi
First of all, our radicalism and our protecting them, is alone, sufficient to provide complete proof and permissibility for action against us. And the very day such a resolution is passed, there is all probability that no voice will be raised in our support, in the United Nations.	First our intemperance lovers and there supporters are collecting the evidence continuously for legal act are been provided, if any day any affirmative comes across then there are lot of possibilities that in the National unity there will be no one to raise a voice to support us	The extremists of our country and their supporters themselves are constantly providing all evidences and justifications required for instigation of action against them, and God forbid, the day when such a resolution is passed, in all likelihood not a single voice would be raised in United Nations, in our favour.	First our extremists and their supporters are continuously providing proves and reasons for the action against them and God forbid, the day when such a resolution is submitted then it is very much possible that no body will favor us in UN,
And supposing the passing of such a resolution is delayed,some other strength will definitely leave our aid to ourself,, keeping the example of America in front of them.	If suppose there is any delay for Affirmative to be passed then we can keep an example of America in front, so that any one of the power will join us to walk with us	And supposing there is a delay in the enactment of this resolution, then considering the example of America, a superpower will come forward to take over on its own resources.	and suppose if this resolution took time to approve then considering the example of America any country will launch the attack at her own.
We do not know about the personality and works of Pir Samiullah.	We dont have the consciousness and Knowledge of Peer Sami ul llah his Personality and his Adventures and what work he was busy in	We are not aware and familiar with the character and achievements of Pir Sami-ullah and what his activities were.	The Israeli army samiullah adverse, and we achievements and not the information sargarmiya.
Perhaps he was not a revolutionist.	Probably he was not a revolutionary	Maybe he was not a revolutionist.	A few minutes later he was not revolutionary.
As the bodies of Comrade Che Guevara, Nawab Akbar Khan Bagti, Dr. Najibullah and thousands of other revolutionists were dishonored at the hands of the enemy.	As Kamri dach gaveera, Nawab Akbar Khan Bagti, Dr Najeeb ul llah and thousands of Revolutionarys Dead bodies has been disgraceful by Enemies hands	Like the deadbodies of Comrade Che Guevara, Nawab Akbar Khan Bugti, Doctor Najeebullah and thousands of other revolutionists have been subjected to dishonour at the hands of the enemy.	The way kamaridche gawera , nawab akber khan Bugti, Dr.najeebullah  and thousands of protestors bodies were disrespected by the hands of enemies.
They are deathless even after being dead.	They command even after they die.	They are immortal even after they die.	Die and he has also been.
But here an international game is being played. Here ferrocity and animosity is created to do the ruling.	But there is an international game being played over here. Here, they are ruling by scaring the public about beastliness and terror.	But there is a international game being played here in which place public is ruled by frightening through barbarism and ferociousness.	But they were playing international game here and, is being boorishness and brutality, people scared of the rule.
So there can be reason created that if we are not here then these vandals and animals can come take over the government.	So that it would be permissible for them, saying that if we are not there, beasts and wild people will come and capture the government.	So that license can be created that if we are not here than these ferocious and barbaric will clutch the government.	There are so that she could be having that if we are not be spokesman ferocious and come to destroy the government .
In the name of religion, activities of these so called Islam lovers is highly condemned.	Such actions of the so called Islam lovers, in the name of religion is extremely disagreeable.	These acts of so called Islamic activists on the name of religion is without limit worthy of condemnation.	calling an islamic religion as an endless religion is condemnable action.
America sees the torture of these extremists but instead of being sad on these faithless activities, they easily name them as tribal culture.	The supporters of these fundamentalists can see the oppression of America, but instead of being sorry about such beastly actions, give it the name of tribal traditions, and clearly avoid it.	These supporters of extremists can see the injustice of America but instead of expressing grieve on those dishonest acts they clearly shun them by giving them name of tribal traditions.	The extremists gives support to the cruelty of united stated. But this looks like a brutal action against the tribal tradition.
The reason for these faithless activities, sometimes given in the name of tribal culture and other times in the name of Islam, is not something done by a person with a heart.	Any person with a heart can never accept these beastly actions, which are done sometimes in the name of tribal traditions and sometimes in the name of Islam.	Sometimes by cloaking in tribal traditions, sometimes on the name of Islam, any pious man cannot give reason for such dishonest acts.	The tradition of the Mantel Lucrative tribals have said not to take brutal action in the name of Islam
In my opinion, people of our army are with these people.	I think the people of our army have joint these people.	In my view, our Army people are associated with theses people.	In my opinion our army, people will get the people.
That is because when they change destination, it takes time. But to catch them, forget about getting there on time, even if they are on the spot, they leave from there.	This is because, when these people move around, at least some time will be taken. To catch them will only take so much time. But, forget about getting to that spot, even if they were there, they escape from there.	As such that when these people move from a place then it takes such time that they can be caught, there should be time for that but its a stretch that they get there on time even if they are there, they are long gone.	They are the move, a copy of this time, so take the laser, the timetable for, so, but they will be on the occasion, and they go there, there are also have the darn cycle.
Are they so brave that they keep 50-70 people hostage and our army just watches it as spectators?	Are these people so brave that they take 50 or 70 people hostage and our army watches like an audience, with hand on hand.	Are they so merciless that they kidnap fifty seventy men and our Army putting hand on hand looks at them like a spectator.	Are these people that they are so Bahadur 50 70 men are held hostage to our army and hand it to respond to keep the hand of spectators, questionably.
They are also men of God and so is our army.	They are also servants of Allah and so is the army.	They are servant of Allah and  so is Army.	They are also the human beings and the army.
It is very clear that there is fishy.	It is clear that something is sinister.	All in seeing that there is something wrong at the bottom.	It is clear that the pulse, some.
instead of promoting God's blessing and merciful nature, discussing various disastrous and lesson gaining occurrences to create an air of fear and terror in the name of religion was being seen. And besides the event of hanging the dead body, their literature and books like "what will happen after death" also create fear and terror.	Malaiyat. In the dictator of the age, Ziya-ul-Haqq's dictatorship, instead of presenting the Noble and Merciful characters of God, an atmosphere of religio-phobia was created by the use of many types of narrations of punishments and incidents apart from the incident of the body hanging. Even the literature and books like 'what will happen when we die?' created fear and terror.	Malaiat, In the period of The dictator of the time Zia-u-Lhaq he did not show good characteristics of sympathies of Allah but there is various tortures at the name of religion and more it his writing "What will be done after death."	Ù…Ù„Ø§Ø¦ÙŠØª Ø¶ÙŠØ§Ø¡Ø§Ù„Ø­Ù‚ his career, is now that you're Ø§Ù…Ø±ÙŠØª to God, the qualities of rahimi and karimi to highlight the contrary to the  and the name of the religion of the ÙˆØ¯ÛØ´Øª fear the atmosphere is set up in this incident, the body  apart from their and ' 'after' will be severe also fear giving birth to.
And these people are using this fear and terror as a shield for the purpose of world power.	And these people are only using this fear as a tool or a weapon to gain worldly pleasures and honor.	And such persons use this fright as a way to get only this world respect.	And this is just worldy people  tiny amount and dignity and Jalal his intention to  as fear or beign used by the equipment.
Wiso!	preachers!	O Speakers                                                                                                                                                              "preachers"	speech!!!
Like you have scared the world from the fire of hell,	As you have preached against the fire of Hell	You frightened the world form fire of Hell.	you make the people scared from the Fire of the hell.
You yourself have become the reason of fear.	that you have yourself become the face of fear.	That you became the image of fright.	The case has become his fear'
It comes as a surprise when it is said that this was not done by a Muslim.	It is surprising when it is said that this can not be a work of a Muslim	Upon it wondered that when it is said that it cannot be a Muslim action.	It is his son when it is said that this is a work of Muslims can not.
We are either unaware of our history or we choose to not know about it.	We are either unaware of our own history, or we ignore it for some reason.	We are ourself do not know this history or cover it for any purpose.	We enables it to the eye or are not a senator
Who burnt the closed door of the Prophet's daughter on the refusal of oath after the Prophet (PBUH) passed away and how took her husband by the rope in his neck?	Upon the death of the Prophet, upon refusing to pledge alliegance, who burnt the door of the daughter of the Messenger and pulled her husband out with a rope around his neck?		After the prophet refused to educationist Ø¨ÙŠØ¹Øª closed the doors of the Prophet daughter of the volcano in what and her husband to put the rope who was walked to Ú¯Ú¾Ø³ÙŠÙ¹?
Did they come from abroad?	Had they come from somewhere outside?		What he had come to counter the outside.
Was the attack on Medina by the the Army of Yazid and and the incident of Karbala was the conspiracy of Jews and Pagans?	Was it the work of Hindus and Jews the strike on Madeena and Great Karbala?	was the attack of Yazid's forces on Medina not the act of Christians and the Jews?	The army's pilgrimage to the enemy  and what  Karbala and what the axle?
Without accepting the facts, neither motives can be removed nor these can be corrected?	Without the submission of the truth nor the movement was away neither the check.	without accepting reality neither the motives can be diminished nor correction can be made.	Without the facts and accept are unsafe, not a check.
BBC people, stop this dual policy.	BBC people close quadrant policy.	O' BBC please stop this dual-headed policy.	BBC people please stop double policies
The better super hit title than this is:  the beating  of Bush with shoes is right or wrong?	The super hit title for this subject: 'Was it legal or illegal, Bush was hit with the shoes?	better than this topic the super hit title: Shoe-ing of Bush fair or unfair?	Instead of this topic there is better superhit topic: Bush beaten by shoes is legal or illegal?
this should have been the topic.	Supposed to be.	'should have been	Should had be
Tahir Chowdary, Japan	Tahir Choudry, Japan	Tahir Choudhry, Japan	Tahar Chaudry Japan
Be ashamed, the body of a person was taken out of the grave and hanged on a pole because he spoke against the cruelty and you are struck up over the topic of Box Office.	Friend have some shame, taking out one Human being from the grave and hanging him to the pole just because he has raised vices against the wrongfulness, and you are concerned about the title of the box office.	please show some modesty, a human pulled out of his grave and hanged over a pole just because he raised his voice against the oppression, and you are concerned about the topic of the box office.	Friend Feel shy about a person removed from a coffin and tied to a poll just for raising his voice against injustice but have more considerations for box office reviews.
The success of operation Sherdil and across the border the success of operation Lion Heart depends on the direction of sympathies of common folk.	For the victory of the operation Sherdil and on the other side of the border the victorious invasion of the operation lion heart is dependable that on whose favor is the opinion of normal people.	the success of, operation Sherdil and across the border operation Lion heart, depends on the fact that in whose favor is the opinion of general public.	For the success of Operation Sherdil and across the border the success of Operation Lion Heart depends on the favor of people.
This step is of American and Pakistani intelligence agencies and Pir Sahib is the victim of this conspiracy	These steps are of American and Pakistan Agencies and Peer Sahib was the target of this conspiracy.	this act is of American and Pakistani agencies and Peer Sahab is a victim of this conspiracy.	It is carried out by American and Pakistani agencies and Peer Sahib is a victim of conspiracy.
All the comments on this forum would be against the Taliban because intelligence agents have successfully infiltrated in the Taliban ranks and they are carrying out such actions that can change their perception of people.	In this form now all the criticism is going to be against the Taaliban because undercover people has included with the Taaliban very successfully and they are taking steps where normal people can change their opinions.	all discussions on this forum will now be anti Taliban since the secret agents have successfully joined Taliban and they are doing what can change the public opinion.	In this forum all reviews will be against Taliban, Agencies have been successfully indulged in Taliban and are applying the policies which might change public opinion.
I only want to ask that when this body was hanging for a whole day, what was the army doing? Are they only there for targeting the public. They even report something like this 'Bombing on Taliban residences, a shell falling on a house kills two children and their mother'.	i have only the question all the day that what will the force doing when the dead body was hanging the hole day,are they sitting in country to kill the normal people those say like this two children and thier mother dead by bombing on Taliban houses.	I would like to ask only this. What were the soldiers doing when the corpse was kept hanging throughout a day? were they sitting there to aim only the common people? It is said that Taliban hideouts were bombed and a woman and two kids were killed when a house was attacked.	what i only want to ask is when the body was hanging for a whole day what were the army doing were they there to only target civilians all they give their speeches is due to bombing Taliban tanks, there fell a bomb on house resulting death of two children and mother.
Did they not know about this mistake?	Were they not know about that chowk?	Why? Didn't they come to know about this great tragedy?	whether they dint know about this situation.
Or were they watching the show?	Or they were seeing a film action?	Were they leisurely having fun, or not?	Or else having fun.
We fold our hands and request them to please, for God's sake, stop this game.	We say it with excuse that stop this game for Allah sake.	Let us fold our hands to you in a request. For God's sake, stop this game.	we fold our hands and request you to please end this game.
After all, there is a ruler above you.	At last there is a commander upon you also.	After all, there is a ruler who watches over all of us.	atlast above you also there is a master.
Whether the question asked by BBC is understandable or not, it is saddening to see the lack of perspective of the writer. For instance, no one asked what the army of 30,000, in Swat went there to do.	A question raised from BBS if it is not reasonable but alas on the sow thinking of writers,.for example it was asked from any person that for what purpose the force went Swaaat containing 30000 persons.	Though the question raised from the B.B.C. is substandard, it could only be felt pity at the poor quality of the writers. For instance, nobody asked this. What were the 3000 soldiers camping at Swat doing ?	The BBC, was asked the question is not enough to write to see the superficialness regret, for example, a question did not present in the Swat 30 thousand army has been to what?
That the bodies of the Taliban who helps the army is left hanging on poles throughout the day.	That the dead bodies of the helpers of force fighting with Taliban remained hanged on poles all the day.	The helpers of the army were hanging on poles the dead bodies of those who fought Taliban.	The Taliban of army fight the dead bodies are all day bleeding on electric poles there.
Whatever the green footed Pakistani government did with the Swat public, the media, including BBC did not do good by keeping the world ignorant about the reality.	What did the Pakistani force with Swati public what did but the media contain BBC did the world unknowing about real matter and it was not good.	The cheating done to the commoners by the Pakistani soldiers is done, but, it is not right that the medias including B.B.C. has concealed the fact from the world.	The Green sawati step, the Pakistani army has 100, media, including the BBC, the real world and the reality, is not a good ignoramus.
The Pakistani Army is putting up a drama.	Pakistani force is making drama.	The Pak soldiers are playing drama.	The Pakistani army drama.
Every child in Swat is saying that this is a bloody drama.	Every child of Swaat is saying that this is a blood drama.	Every child in Swat whispers that it is a bloody drama.	The Swat child is that it is a bloody drama.
For God's sake stop this drama.	Please stop this drama, for god sake	Stop this drama for Godsake!	Only thing bus to drama.
These Talibans have tarnished the Muslim image.	The Taliban has destroyed the name of muslims	These Talibans have destroyed the image of muslims.	These Taliban's have spoilt the name of Muslims
If in the whole world true Muslims don't call these terrorists as Muslims then how come these elements are able to live in the lands of true Muslims.	if the pure muslims of whole worlds does tell them as a muslim, they wont get any place to leave for the terror	If the real muslims dont accept Taliban as muslims then why they get a refuge in thier places.	Through out the world if Muslims don't tell them Muslims then why would terrorists are found in their territories.
Those who become shameless, can't do hard labor they pick up guns and become the members of terrorist groups.	Those are not interested in doing work, and not interested in leaving a peaceful life, and they take guns and join those people	The one who are shameless and dont do hardwork and labour, take arms in their hands and join thier group.	those who become insensitive and people who don't want to work hard take guns and join these groups
Islam did not spread on the point of a sword or barrel of a gun.	Islam has not came under the pressure of gun or sword	Islam doesnt spread through sword & guns.	Islam has not spread from guns and swords.
Feel the shame.	Shame on you	Have shame.	be ashamed
There is no allowance of this in any religion or family traditions.	there is no reason for this in any religion or in any families	Its baseless and has no roots in any religion nor in family customs.	Its need is neither in any religion nor in any customs.
Including BBC all the media present their views in different styles on Taliban or the tribal people.	BBC along with other media's has gathered information about Taliban	All media including BBC show different views on Taliban and Tribals.	All media including BBC gives thier views about taliban and tribal areas by different resources
But no one is aware of the ground realities or what the truth is. It is us the tribal people who know what rally is the matter.	but, the reality is not even known to any one, that what is the real situation, we only know because we are tribals	Infact nobody knows the actual situation except us, becuase we are the natives.	But nobody knows what the actual situation is. It is we who know about it because we are tribals.
In short, its a game in which CIA, RAW, MOSAD and our own ISI are invloved. No one is a talib or a tribal. Who made these institutions? Warmongers who are against Islam, Taliban, Madrassa's, Pushtoon people, tribes and tribal traditions.	BAsically it is a game in which CIA, RAW, MOSAD, and our ISI,are involved, there is no one in from taliban or from tribal, the was created by terror from above agencies, who are insulting Taliban, Islam, Madarsa's, Pestos, and Tribals	(  sorry was pretty hard to translate)	In short this is a game in which CIA, RAW, MUSAD, and our own ISI is involved.There is nothing like taliban or tribal people, they are the negative elements created by these institutions who are spoiling the name of Islam, Taliban, Religous institutes, Pukhtoon nation and Tribals.
The heads of Muslims have hung from shame over this action.	due to this action Muslims head down with shyness.	This move has ashamed all the Muslims.	Because of this act, head of the Muslims petulance of shame .
I salute the leader of MQM, Althaf Husain, and the leaderships of ANP and PPP, as they have spoken against this cancer, i.e. the Taliban.	i salute MQM Leader Altaf Hussain, ANP and PPP leaders who are against this cancer it means talk against Taliban.	I salute MQM's Altaf Hussain and the leadership of ANP and PPP who speak against this cancer that is Taliban.	I salute  to M.Q.M leader Iltaf Hussein,A.N.P and to the division of the P.P.P for raising their voices against this cancer,named Taliban.
This cancer was given birth to by Zia-ul-Haqq. He has gone, but he has destroyed Pakistan as he went.	this cancer creates by Ziaulhaq, he left but also destroy Pakistan.	This cancer is a product of Zia-ul-Haq who died but also destroyed Pakistan.	This cancer is creation of Zia-ul-haq,who is gone but he has also destroyed the Pakistan.
But I have hope that the present government will eradicate this cancer.	but i am hopeful that percent leadership will end this cancer.	But I am hopeful that current leadership will end this  cancer.	But i am hopefull that the present Government will abolish this Cancer.
After the Mumbai attacks, India had said that there was the hand of some Pakistani extremists behind the attack.	India after Mumbai attack said that behind this attack there was a hand of Pakistani extremest.	After Mumbai attacks India said that some extremists are behind the attacks.	After Mumbai attacks India said that few extremist groups are involved in these attacks.
Pakistan refuted these claims and said that it would help India in investigation in every possible way.	Pakistan denies that blames and said he will give all possible help to India in interrogation.	Pakistan rejecting the accusations said that it will help India in investigation in every possible way.	Pakistan denied these blames and said that she will fully cooperate in the investigation.
India said that they have given Pakistan a list of the suspected extremists which India wanted.	India said that it give one list to Pakistan in which shows suspected names of extremist which India required.	India said that it has given a list to Pakistan that has 20 suspected extremists required by India.	India said that she has provided Pakistan a list of 20 extremists, who are wanted to India.
Now, Pakistan said that the Jaish-e-Mohammad leader, who is included in the list, Moulana Mas'ood Azhar, is not under house arrest, and that the government of Pakistan has no information about him.	now Pakistan said that listed name of Jaish Muhammad Leader Mulana Masood Azhar hide him self and government did not have any information about him.	Now Pakistan has said that included in the list Jaish-e-Muhammad's Molana Azhar Masood is not in custody and government of Pakistan has no information about him.	Noe Pakistan said that leader of Jaish e Muhammad Maulana Masud Azhar present in this list is not detained and Government of Pakistan has no information about him.
Previously, the President of Pakistan, Asif Ali Zardari had rejected the idea that western intelligence agencies and the Indian government had provided Pakistan proof about the Mumbai attacks.	before that Pakistani president Asif Ali Zardari disapproved that image that western secret agencies and Indian government give evidence to Pakistan about Mumbai attack.	Before that the president of Pakistan Asif Ali Zardari refuted the view that west's secret agencies and Indian government has given evidence related to Mumbai attachs.	Before this President Asif Ali Zardari has denied the impression that Western Secret Agencies and Indian Government have provided Pakistan the proves of Mumbai attacks.
President Zardari said regarding Ajmal Kasab, that it is not yet proven that he is Pakistani.	president Zardari said about Ajmal Qasaab that this was not prove that he is Pakistani.	President Zardari has said that it has not been proved that Ajmal Kasab is a Pakistani.	President Zardari said about Ajmal Qasab that it is not yet proven that he is Pakistani.
At that time,Prime Minister Manmohan Singh warned Pakistan that their relationship with India could not improve as long as their land continues to be used for terrorism.	meanwhile, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has warned Pakistan that its relation with India can not improve unless its land is being used for terrorism.	During this, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh warned Pakistan that the its relations with India are not going to improve until its land is continued to be used for terrorism.	During this Prime Minister Manmohan Singh warned Pakistan that Indian relation with her can't get better till the time her soil is used for terrorism.
And in the latest developments, the Indian cricket team cancelled their tour of Pakistan.	and in a latest development, the Indian cricket team has cancelled its tour to Pakistan.	And in latest development, Indian Cricket team has cancelled their tour of Pakistan.	And in recent updates Indian Cricket team has canceled its tour of Pakistan.
Should these political events affect sports.	should these political instances affect over the sports?	Should sports be effected due to these political events?	Should these political incidents affect sports?
What do you see the future of Indo-Pak relations looking like?	what do you see as the future of Pakistan and India relations.	What future to you see of India Pakistan Relationship?	How do you see the future of Pakistan and India relations?
Neither America nor India will break Pakistan.	Neither America will break Pakistan nor India.	Neither America, nor India would break Pakistan.	Pakistan will not be torn apart by America or India.
Pakistan will break itself.	Pakistan will be broken by Pakistanis themselves.	Pakistan would be broken by the Pakistanis themselves.	It will be torn apart by Pakistani themselves.
With so much regionalism, factionism and infiltration, what else can you expect?	what do you expect after so much provincialism, sectarianism, and Mullaism.	What do you expect after such regionalism, communalism and vandalism.	What can you expect after so much internal segregation and rivalry?
Time has proved that Jinnah did not do good to the Indian Muslims.	although Jinnah also did not do good to the Muslims of India and it has been proven with time.	Even Jinnah too did not do good towards the Muslim's of India. Time has proved this.	However, Jinnah didn't do well with the Muslims from India, and time has already proven that.
Yasmin, Chicago	Yasmin, Chicago.	Yasmin, Chicago	Yasmin: Chicago.
Madam, if work was continued in Jinnah's manner, neither would the tumors of regionalism, factionism and infiltration have spread in Pakistan, nor would the Indian Muslims been treated in this way.	Madam, if Mr. Jinnah's vision was followed, neither the cancer of provincialism, sectarianism, and Mullaism had spread in Pakistan nor the Muslims in India had undergone such behavior.	Madam, if we kep working on the vision of Jinnah, the cancer of Communalism, Regionalism and Vandalism would not have spread in Pakistan. And also the Muslims of India would not have been treated this way.	Madam, if Jinnah's work was carried forward, then these internal cancer of segregation and rivalry would not have spread, and the muslims in India wouldn't be in the situation they are in now.
But it is our fault that we couldnt reproduce a leader of similar stature.	but it's our fault that we could not bring up a leader like his stature.	It is our mistake of not producing a leader of his caliber	It's our fault that after him, no other leader could stand in his shoes.
If we can't respect our leaders then	if we can not care for our heroes, then	If we could pay the due respect to our heroes	But if we can't appreciate our heroes, then....
There are many able people in this part of the world.	this region has great capabilities.	This region has great potential.	This sector does have a lot of abilities.
God knows when some sense will return to the people and when the blessing of consensus in opinion will help develop this area.	god knows when we'll understand and the region will progress with the blessing of unity.	God knows when this region will learn its lesson and its unity will bring regional development/prosperity.	God knows when they will come to their senses and use the blessing of unity to make some progress.
In both countries the Mullahs, Pundits, Taliban, Shiv Sena and the RSS etc have been established to oppose the peace process.	in both countries the enemies to peace like Mullas, Pandits, Taliban, Shiv sena, RSS have been raised.	Both countries have extremist forces like Taliban, Shiv sina and RSS etc... These extremist forces are enemies of the regional peace.	Both countries have priests, Shiv sena, RSS etc. that constantly oppose peace.
And destructive forces don't want this area to develop and for this these countries are manipulated like puppets.	and the evil powers don't want this region to progress therefore these countries are controlled like puppets.	The imperial powers do not want peace and stability in this region.They are controlling these countries like puppets.	And these negative forces do not want the sector to make any progress, hence the countries are kept on their toes.
Can you imagine with the aid of consensus between Pakistan, India and China what position they would have in the world.	can you imagine what status will this region of Pakistan, India and China will have in the world.	can you imagine the international influence of Pakistan, China and India, if they are united	Can you imagine the status of this place in the world for Pakistan, India and China, with just a little bit of unity?
It is Gods punishment who has positioned thieves, robbers and manipulators as leaders of this country.	Pakistan is under persecution from God that these thieves, bandits and criminals have been imposed as leaders of the nation.	Pakistan is under the occupation of corrupt and opportunist leadership.	Pakistan is cursed by God for having robbers and thieves as their appointed leaders.
May God safe guard Pakistan from any harm, Amen.	may Allah protect our country from any harm, Amen.	May God protect our country, Pakistan.	May God  our country Pakistan always be safed, ameen.
But sir open your eyes and look around and see the current situation and ground realities that reveal the extent to which the American have progressed.	but Sir, open your eyes to see the surrounding situation and ground reality, you will figure out how far American forces have penetrated.	But being a Pakistani we should not neglect the ground realities/threats. American forces have been deployed very near to our afghan borders.	But,please open your eyes to look at  the situation and ground realities around you then  you will come to know that where American  troops have reached .
moreover, the internal affairs don't seem to be good, as you can see the circumstances in NWFP, Balochistan and in Karachi in Sindh.	Other than that National matter are not looking good as well, circumstances in Sarhad, Balochistan, Karachi in Sindh are in front of you.	Besides this the situation in the country doesnt seem to be stable, like in the NWFP, Baluchistan and Sindh, and the problems in Karachi are also evident.	Besides the country matters do not seems better.The circumstances in NWFP, Baluchistan,and the situation of Karachi in Sindh, are also in front of you .
in this situation the country needs such a leader who can unite us as one nation.	In this situation country needs a such leader who can unite us as a single Nation.	In this atmosphere we need a leader that can unite the people of this country.	In this situation the country needs that leader who can make us a united nation.
O Allah bestow your mercy upon us.	O Allah Have mercy on us	O God please show us some mercy.	May God mercy upon us.
Account to my understanding, a final war is inevitable.	In my opinion there is no way other than a last war.	I believe we have no other option but to go to war one last time.	I think a last war is the only option.
this is enough of it.	Enough much has happened	Enough is enough.	That's it, enough is enough.
now it should be do or die.	Now this affair has to win or lose.	It's now or never.	This situation is ""now or never"".
this problem can not be solved through these acts of insincere dialogues.	This problem will not solve with hypocrisy deceit.	These fraudulent dialogues and pointless meetings are not the solution to the problems.	These false acts of cooperation will not solve the problem.
and not through small scale terrorism in each other's country.	And neither with small big terrorism in each other countries.	Neither is by committing small scale terrorist acts in each others territories.	Nor will small terrorist attacks in each others countries.
after all, Europe got settled after the final world war.	Even Europe too came to rest after fighting the last great war.	After all it was only after waging the Second World War that Europe managed to sort its problems out.	Afterall, even Europe was founded after the last world war.
and if this world war had not taken place, then these countries, just like Pakistan and India, would have been clattering.	And if this Great war had not happened then they all would be chattering like Pakistan and India.	And if it wasn't for this World War then they'd still be arguing and nagging each other over small things.	And if there had not been a great war, then they would still be fighting back and forth like Pakistan and India.
Almost all of our political parties agree on this matter that these terrorist and denominational activities should be terminated from the country.	Almost all our political parties agree that terrorism and factionalism should be finished.	Almost all of our political parties are unified to the topic that terrorism and sectarian violence shall be eradicated from the country.	Almost all of our political parties are agreed on the fact that terrorism and sectarianism should be rooted out of the country.
But our army rule does not seem sincere in this matter. On one hand, American and Europe are made to believe that we are with you on this war against terrorism and the other hand, we also help Taliban secretly.	But our military leadership does not seem to be sincere in these regards. On the one hand, America and Europe are ascertained that we are with them in their war against terrorism, and on the other hand we secretly help the Taiban.	But own military leadership does not seem to be sincere on this topic. At one side Europe and America are assured that the military is sincere in achieving a terror free state but on the other hand helps the Taliban in disguise.	But our military leadership does not seem sincere in this regard. On one hand they assure America and Europe that they are with them in this war against terror and on the other hand are covertly aiding the Taliban.
We have to think now and decide our direction and only choose one way. Thank you.	We should think and fix our direction and choose only one way. Thanks.	Now we have to think and define our path and select one path to focus on, Thank you.	We should now ponder and set our direction and choose one path only. Thanks
There is no doubt in this that majority of the members of Jamaat-ud-Dawa are the members of Lashker-e-Tayyaba, who joined  the party  named Jamaat-ud-Dawa Pakistan after Lashker-e-Tayyaba was invalidated.	There is no doubt that majority of the workers of Jama'athud Da'wah are the previous members of Lashkar-e-Taiba who joint the group called Jama'athud Da'wah Pakistan, after Lashkar-e-Taiba was rendered inexistent.	There is no doubt that the elements of Jamat-ud-dawa include majority of those people who belong to Lashkar-e-Taiba which is a banned organization, is now established and operating with a new name Jamat-ud-dawa Pakistan.	There is no doubt that the majority of the movement league are from the Tayaba Group, who joined the league after the inception of Pakistan.
Although these members preferred subsidiary activities and now after India's great persistence, The United Nation has invalidated it also and Government of Pakistan is continuing the crack down against them.	However, after that, the members gave preference to social work, and now even Jama'athud Da'wah was rendered inexistent by the United Nations, due to the pressure applied by India and the crackdown being enforced by the Pakistani government.	However after that more focus was diverted towards humanitarian activities and now on India's strong request , the United Nations has also banned it and the government of Pakistan has also implemented a crack down on this organization.	However, after that,  this leagues obstructed aid campaigns, and now on India's insistence, United Nations has declared them as the enemy and even the Government of Pakistan is cracking down on them.
In my opinion, it is better if Jihadi groups leave religious extremism and continue religious and subsidiary activities.	I believe that if Jihadi groups leave religious fundamentalism and take up social efforts, that would be better.	In my opinion if these Jihadi groups leave religious extremism and get focused towards religion and humanitarian assistance then it is much better.	In my opinion, if these Jihadi groups quit this religious fanaticism, and try helping instead, then it would be better for all.
Terrorist groups present in Pakistan, who support professional criminals and the heads of those Mullahs are those who call Pakistan the land of destruction and what not.	The present terrorist groups that bring up criminals in the name of Jihad, and the elders of these Mullas, are the same people who used to call 'Pakistan' 'Palidistan', and who knows what else.	The terrorist organizations present in Pakistan which have used the name of Jihad to induct and nurture professional killers and criminals and their molana's are the same people who called Pakistan 'Plaeedistan' meaning un clean land. These are the people who use bad named for Pakistan.	The terrorist organizations present in Pakistan are employing professional criminals in the name of Jihad, the mentors of these and the mullahs are the same people who called Pakistan, Paleedistan and what not from time to time.
And now they are doing everything to destroy Pakistan.	Now they are not leaving any stone unturned in destroying Pakistan.	Now they are trying their best to destroy Pakistan.	They are not letting any stone unturned in the destruction of Pakistan.
In reality, they do not even deserve to be called Human beings, let alone Muslims.	Actually, these are not even fit to be called human beings, let alone 'Muslims'.	In reality they don't even get close to be called a Muslin, in fact they deserve to be called animals or barbarians	They do not deserve to be called humans let alone muslims.
Without cleaning Pakistan from these evil doers, the country's existence will be in jeopardy.	Without cleaning Pakistan of these mischief mongers, the national security will remain at risk.	Pakistan security will stay at risk until these extremists are not eradicated from Pakistan.	Without rooting these miscreants out of Pakistan, the national security will be at risk.
Can we still afford to think if we should ban these mutinous or not?	Can we still think about whether or not to put a ban on these mischief mongers?	Should we still  think that the innocent people will be charged with rules and regulation?	Is there still room for consideration whether these scoundrels should be banned?
In this world of callous leaders, there is no place for those whose work is only to kill.	There is no place on earth for extremist Mullahs whose only work is to cause killings.	In this feurious world the job is war,their work is only to kill.	There is no place in this world for extremist mullahs whose only purpose is to kill.
This news breaks my heart to pieces.	This news tore my heart.	With this news my heart is broken.	Heart is breaking into pieces on this news.
What kind of world is this where it is hard to live for one who takes the name of one major pillar of Islam,  religion of Allah.	What kind of world is that in which it has become difficult for those who even take the name of one of the important parts of the religion of Allah, Islam.	What type of world is this in which  it is very difficult to follow and live with the preachings of Allah's islam .	What world is this where it is hard to survive for the one who names an important part of Allah's religion Islam.
Non-Muslims can kill Muslims but when Muslims even try to take revenge, all our hypocrite leaders together with all the non-muslim world treat people with the true and right pain of religion just like our great leader Hafiz Saeed is being treated today.	Non-Muslims can kill Muslims, but if a Muslim even tries to extract revenge, along with the whole non-Muslim world, even the hypocrite leaders join and treat those who have sincere religious feeling in the manner our great leaders are treating Hafiz Saeed.	Non muslim can kill muslim but when the muslim try to take revenge then all non muslim  with the whole world brother's  together think ,that the islamic preaching's are done with Hafiz Sayeed.	Non Muslims can kill Muslim, but if Muslim even tries to take revenge then along with the whole non Muslim world our hypocrite leaders also treat the ones sincere with true and sincere religion like they are treating our great leader Hafiz Saeed now a days.
India in impunity of Bombay attacks.	After the Mumbai attacks, Indo-	India is very upset on the attack on Mumbai.	As a penalty of Mumbai attacks India.
Pakistan relation are bitter. Better relationship as a result of last few years between the two countries have been jolted  greatly.	Pak relationships turned sour, because of which the proximity between the two countries forming after many years, for the first time suffered a severe setback.	Citizen of pakistan  has created the misunderstanding between two countries and in the up coming days the sitiuation will be  more worst.	Pakistan relations are affected, and the recent improvement of relations between two countries is enormously shocked.
India has always held the military and non-military groups in Pakistan responsible.	India has always claimed that militant and non-militant groups which are active in Pakistan were responsible.	India alway's blames the pakistan's terror group.	India has been continually blaming active armed and unarmed groups in Pakistan
And bringing relationship back on track is being conditioned by operations against these groups.	For the relationships to return to normal, taking action against these countries is being made a prerequisite,	The up coming problems on the taluk ,has  been stoped.	and is linking the establishment of normal relations with the action against these groups.
For as much, Indian security departments have held Lashkher-e-Tayyaba responsible for the Bombay attacks.	Whereas Indian security agencies have accused Lashkar-e-Taiba of being directly responsible for the Mumbai attacks.	The Indian security centres  has blamed the attack on Mumbai the Lashkar-e-tayab is responsible.	Whereas Indian Security agencies has directly blamed Lashkr e Taiba for Mumbai attacks
in this way many times Jamat Ul Dawa Names came up.	The name of Jama'athud Da'wah also comes up many times in this regards.	In this case, name of Jamat-ud-Dawa has come in the front many times.	, in this regard Jamat Adawa has also been nominated.
this was not first time that terrorism cause intense relation in between two countries.	This is not the first time that relationships between the two countries have become serious due to some terrorist activity that took place in India.	This is the first time that relation between both the countries have worsen due to a terrorist activity in India	It is not the first time that because of any terrorist attack the relation of these two countries are worsen.
on December 2001 after attack on Indian parliament this two neighbors came to the front of war.	In December 2001, after the attack on the parliament, the two neighbors were prepared to go to war.	In December 2001, after the attacks on Indian Parliament, these two neighbors were on the brink of war.	In December 2000 after the attacks on Indian Parliament both countries were at the brink of war.
and after put sanction against Luskaray Taiba and include it in a list of terrorist organizations.	After that, Lashkar-e-Taiba was banned and it was included in the list of terrorist groups.	After that, in 2002 Lashker-e-Tayyaba was banned and included in the list of terrorists.	After that, in 2002 Lashkr e Taiba was banned and was included in terrorists list.
now on Jamat UL Dawa , about which security analyst said that this is new face of Laskaray Taiba, asking for sanctions.	Now, it is being demanded that Jama'athud Da'wah, which according to security reports is just a new form of Lashkar-e-Taiba, also be banned.	Now Jamat-ud-Dawa, about which Security analysts say that it is in reality a new face of Lashker-e-Tayyaba. Restrictions on the party are being requested.	Now Jamat Adawa, to whom security analysts is a fresh disguise of Lashkr e Taiba, is demanded to be banned.
what is your suggestion should this group sanction or not?	In your opinion, should this group be banned or not?	In your opinion, should this group be banned or not?	What do you think, should this group be banned or not?
Should Pakistan need to take action against terrorist group on its land?	Should Pakistan take decisive action against the active fundamentalist groups within its boundaries or not?	Should Pakistan do decisive operations against extreme activists on its land?	Should Pakistan take decisive action against active extremist groups on her soil?
does put sanction on Jamat Ul Dawa present India	Can putting a ban on Jama'athud Da'wah help the present Indo-	By banning Jamat-ud-Dawa, can  current Pak-India crisis be over?	Can by banning Jamat Adawa present India,
Pak crisis could resolve and for real peace in between two countries how important is that to finished groups who have weapons?	Pak crisis to subside, and how important is it for permanent peace between the two countries that armed groups be dismantled?	crisis be over? and how important is it to close down the armed groups to keep constant peace between both countries?	Pakistan crisis will vanish and to what extent it is vital to ban armed groups for establishing forever peace between the two countries.
United Nations Security Assembly put sanction against Jamat Ul Dawa, in last what evidence Security council have to shows that much hurry?	The Security Council of the United Nations has passed the ban on Jama'athud Da'wah. However, what proof did the Security Council have based on which it showed such urgency.	Security Council of the United Nations has banned Jamat-ud-Dawa. After all what proof does the security council have to decide this so quickly?	The UN Security Council on the party Al-qaeda banned, the end of the Security Council, what are the evidence seems so hurry?
Public Tranquility Council will always never show this much of expertness against Muslims?	Does the Security Council always show this type of urgency against the Muslims?	Will the Peace Council never show any alertness against the Muslims every time?	What the Security Council against Muslims endorses such activity is not showned?
This we say as Accuser is Weak and witness is Strong!	This is what they call a slow complainant and a fast witness.	For this it is said that when the accuser is lazy the witness is active.	To say that the plaintiff slow are witness mercurial!
If you see India has make it self as a Disappointed Country	If you look at it, even India has become an unsuccessful state.	If seen India itself has become one useless realm.	India, itself has become a failed government!
Whom so ever Intelligence, Military and other Security Departments has been disappointed, only few terrorists has made them to dance for 72 hours and now India on his disappointment they are blaming Pakistan for this and trying to ruse the whole world	whose intelligence, army and security institutes failed, and were forced to dance at the fingertips of a few terrorists for 72 hours. And India wants to put the blame for its inability on Pakistan, to fool the whole world.	Whose intelligence, army and other security officials has become useless, who for 72 hours have danced the dance of mole with terrorists and India is cheating the world by blaming Pakistan over its uselessness.	The army, intelligence  and other security institutions have failed, the terrorists who hands may carry 72 hours of the Defense Department was Round and its failure of India accused Pakistan of put and the entire world.
If one non Muslim is murdered den the voices will be raised from whole world, why is this Double Mentality?	When one disbeliever dies, there is hue and cry in the whole world. Why these double standards?	If one disbeliever dies then the whole world knows about it- why is this double accuracy?	A pagan killed the should be a noise around the world are bandaged. this song huddled?
To my Dearest Countries one and only non politics, Religious, Cultural Organization -----------	To a non political, religious and social organisation of our dear country---	To the dear nation of one nonpolitical, religious, farming organization...	Countries only religious and non-political, Welfare Organization.
Furqan Farooq, Faisalabad	Furqan Farooq, Faisalabad	Farqaan Farooq, Faisalabad	Furqan Farooq, Faisalabad
Till the time Prophet PBUH, Saints and the Follower has given the respect to the Human beings, With Peace the Religion Islam was advertised a lot and was going on	As long as our Prophet (PBUH), the Awliya Kiram and the Sufis continued to teach people the lesson of love and respect, the religion of Islam would spread and prosper with peace.	Until our Prophet(Peace be upon Him), great ancestors and Sufism gave the human beings the love and respect, religion Islam was more vast growing and ripening from peace and sparkle.	Our prophet (directives for), scholars and all the saints love the people and gave respect to them, Islam remains a  peaceful religion.
Muslims has also got the Success on every Ground	Muslims have also advanced in every field.	The Muslims also got promoted in every field.	The Muslims have also progressed on war grounds.
When this Beautiful Religion has came to a normal person then the human beings has started differentiating the Muslim and non Muslim and then the New chapters of tumults and quarrel has been started, earlier the world was not aware of this	But when there was a rise of Mullaism in the religion, there was a division of people into Muslims and Kafirs, and new avenues of mischief were opened, which were not known to the world previously.	But when this beautiful Religion rose to the hands of distillation then within the human beings began the difference of religious and disbeliever and the new gateways of pride and prejudice began to open by which the world was unknown before.	When this beautiful  anarchy  climed deen started then MOMIN and pagan fulfill their dreams of violence and the opening new chapter started first aware of the 'not.
Do greet them sir. But at your own expense.	Salam- Please do it with pleasure but act at your own.	Salute, sir, salute happily, but get your work done on your own.	The passion is to be saluted. ut try your riches in the action
Don't do it under the pressure of America.	do not do it under American pressure.	Do not do it under the pressure from America.	This do not come during the falling
If India has any complaints, then it should come up with evidence.	if India is aggrieved, it should provide the evidence.	If India is in difficulty, let them prove it, no?	If this irritates, India should give the proofs
Why don't they do so?	Why doesn't it give it?	Why does it not give?	Isn't the river tame not grouped
Why do they blame everything on us?	And why it accuses us of every thing?	And why do they accuse us with everything?	All of us who are accused should put on the river tame
Extremist groups are also present in India, why don't they put sanctions on them?	there are extremist groups and organizations in India as well, why don't they put sanctions on them?	There are fundamentalist groups and organisations, even in India. Why does no one put any restrictions on them?	Does this banning of groupism apply for people in India who are extremist and other organisations?
Are we the only terrorists in the world?	Are we the only terrorist in the world?	Are we the only terrorist in the whole world?	The entire world is of terrorists
Who can India explain its actions in Kashmir?	What India is doing in Kashmir, what is that?	What is it that India is doing in Kashmir?	What about in India?
and what of the actions of Israel?	What Israel is doing, what is that?	What is it that Israel is doing?	What is Israel?
The truth is that we are the first Nuclear Islamic state in the world and that is the cause of all the hatred.	the truth is; we are the first Nuclear Muslim State and why; this is the main issue.	The truth is that we are the first Islamic Nuclear State. Why, is what the fight is about.	The Islamic world is considered to have groupisms and are fighting
Pakistan is now in the last stages.	Pakistan is now in last steps.	Pakistan is on the verge of break up.	Pakistan is now in it's last stages.
Kamran Hassan, ABU DHABI	Kamran Hasan, Abu Dhabe	Kamranhassan, ABU DHABI	Kamran Hassan: Abu Dhabi
Your talk touches the heart and circumstances also seems to be such	Your talk is near to the heart  and situations are also like it.	You are right, circumstances are supporting your argument.	Your words touch the heart, and the situation seems so.
Now American magazines are very boldly printing the new map of Pakistan and all these sanctions seems to be the part of this conspiracy.	Now the printed new map of Pakistan is shown in American newspapers and the round of punctuation is also a sign of it.	Now even American magazines are publishing new maps of pakistan. These sanctions are the part of greater game plan.	Now in American publications, the new map of Pakistan is being printed, and all these restrictions are now apparent in the series of events.
American are not slowly but now very swiftly tightening there grip over Pakistan.	America is gripping more on Pakistan slowly day by day.	Gradually,USA is making its grip stronger on Pakistan.	The Americans are not slowly but quickly strengthening their control over Pakistan.
We must remember that in these circumstances,if we as a nation does not display unity and solidarity then if Bangladesh can be created,anything else can also happen.	In this situation if we did not show union as a nation then there is possible another part as Bangla daish.	In this situation, if we'd not become a united nation then history of Bangladesh's creation can be repeated.	In this situation, if we do not stand together and show our unity, then remember, if Bangladesh can be made, then anything can happen.
More the terrorism is condemned lessor it is , whether it is in a Hotel at Mumbai or it is in Marriott Hotel Islamabad or it is in Palestine.	To show disatbleness of errorism is less where will be it in Mambae Hotal, Meriat hotal in Islamabad and in Falastin.	Terrorists' attack should be condemned, whether these are committed in Mumbai, Islamabad or in Philistine.	Terrorist attacks should be condemned to the maximum, whether they are on the Mumbai Hotel or the Marriot Hotel in Islamabad or in Palestine.
Like wise irrespective of the origin of the terrorist, these should be eliminated, no matter these are Pakistanis or Indian or American or Israelite.	Like this terorrists should be pounished where they will where from Pakistan,India,America or Israel.	Terrorists should be uprooted without any discrimination of nationality.	Similarly, terrorists should be hunted down irrespective of their nationality and whether they are Pakistani, Indian, American or Israeli.
Now the question is that why the whole world including the Pakistani officials are silent on the terrorist attacks that are conducted daily in Pakistan, resulting in the death of hundreds of people.	Now the question is this that terorriss attacks on Pakistan and many bodies died by their attacks that what is the reason of scielence of the world.	The question arises, why Pakistan and other world is silent on the terror attacks in Pakistan, killing hundreds of innocent people?	Now the question is that every day terrorist attacks take place in Pakistan, hundreds of people die but the Pakistani officials along with the rest of the world stay silent.
Was the attack carried out on Marriott Hotel was not a terrorist attack?	Was the attack on Mariat hotal not by terorrists?	if attack on Marriott was not act of terror?	Wasnâ€™t the attack on the Marriot Hotel an act of terrorism?
Then why?	Then why?	then why-	Then why...?
Praise the worthy Advisor interior,Mister Rehman Malik,by the grace of God, how brave he has become!	Hats off to Home Advisor, Mr. Rahman Malik. Masha Allah, he has become so brave and courageous.	hale to the advisor for interior Rehman Malik, how brave and bold has the gentleman become.	Appreciation for Interior Advisor Rehman Malik, Masha Allah he has become very brave!
	?	no imgage	According to BBC on one hand (a committee of) Security Council of UN has banned Jamat Aldawa, on the other hand Mr. Malik says we didn't impose the ban and if it is to be done will be after through research.
Not only this , according to the BBC Mister Malik has also tried to negate this impression with full strength that all these imprisonments are being carried out on whose orders.	Not only that, according to BBC, the mentioned Mr. Malik has vehemently disproved this belief that the arrest of terrorists were being done at the 'request of others'.	not only this, but according to BBC Mr. Malik has denied this impression with intensity that the arresting of the terrorists have been carried out under 'someones's pressure'.	Not this, according to BBC Mr.Malik has strongly denied the impression that arrest of terrorists are taking place because of 'someone's instructions'
Praise the lord!	Brother, Subhanallah!	wow, all praise to the Almighty!	Highly appreciated!
Having this capability or not, this I don't want to say.	Whether the ability is there or not, or whether it should be said that it is not needed.	whether having the ability or not or to say that I don't want.	Keeping Talents or not keeping talents why would not be it said.
Whose war we Pakistanis are fighting	We, i.e. Pakistan, are fighting somebody else's war	We, the Pakistanis are fighting whose war.	We Palestinians are fighting a war for this.
and why. We have our own priorities which we shall protect with our full strength.	And why are there our own interest which we are trying so hard to save?	and why we have our own interests which we shall do our best to protect.	And also its our policies we try to save them.
Nobody has an authority to interfere in any other country.	No one has the right to interfere in any country's affairs.	No one has  a right to interfere anyone's national affairs.	No one has the right to interfere in any countries affairs.
Apparently colonial period does not seem to exist.	This does not seem to be the era of new populations.	The colonial system is apparently not there.	We cant notice the reign of good.
If people are expecting justice, then they should impower law inforcing agencies and should respect the democratic   institutions and they should not help dictator or any military personal. Then the 3rd world country Pakistan can attain   peace and that would be unacceptable for the Extremist groups.	If people expect justice, or demand that an external united court be established, respect democratic institutions, and not help any dictator or army man, there will be peace in the third world, including Pakistan, which I think is not acceptable by those calling for unity.	If people are sure to have justice or Allies support the importance of free judiciary and give respect to democratic institutes and dont support the dictatorial governments; peace can be achieved in third world countries including Pakistan. But this is not acceptable for allies	If people has right view of justice or strengthens on independence respect southern institutions and not help any captain or soldier they there will be definitely peace in Pakistan which is not liked by politicians.
Pakistan is already in favour of Europian Union and America.	As such, Pakistan is always following the goals set by Europe and America.	Pakistan is always in line with European and American interests.	Pakistan is always following European and American purposes.
Even though majority of groups in Pakistan are against this favour.	This happens, despite the opposition of a majority of the Pakistani population.	Pakistan is forced to do so despite a majority of its population oppose it.	This goes on without the approval of many of its citizens.
So this promotes more opposition.	And this causes more opposing feelings.	This enhances the opposite or anti sentiments.	And it invokes hostile sentiments.
And if America and its allied forces should leave Pakistan and believe in democracy, then the people will start supporting the soveriegnity by stopping their protest.	If they trust America and the United republics, then let them leave the style of new populations, and let them work on those lines, upholding the sovereignty of the state.	If America and its Allies believe in Democracy, they should give up their colonial behavior and leave this region	If you believe in the United States of America, then why not just give up your place and leave honorably?
Pakistan is capable of deciding the issues by either dialogues or by arms.	Pakistan has the ability to arm and disarm.	Pakistan has ability to arm or disarm.	Pakistan has the ability to be armed or unarmed.
Pakistani forces occupying Kashmir raided one of the camps of Lashkar-e-Tayyaba.	In Pakistan Occupied Kashmir, security forces captured a proved camp of practically non-existent Lashkar-e-Taiba.	Security forces searched a camp of Lashar-i-tayba in Pakistan administered Kashmir.	Security forces raid an alleged camp of banned Lashkr e Taiba in Pakistan administered Kashmir.
After Mumbai Attacks pressure is on Pakistan that it should increase the operation against Extremist Organisations.	Since the Mumbai attacks, pressure is increasing on Pakistan to act against the extremist organizations.	After Mumbai attacks, Pressure is being increased on Pakistan to take actions against extreme outfits	Pressure is being increased on Pakistan for taking rapid action against extremist organizations after Mumbai attacks.
. India claims that in Mumbai attacks Lashkar-e-Tayyaba was involved.	India's accusation is that Lashkar-e-Taiba is involved in the Mumbai attacks.	India blames that Lashar-i-tayba has role in Mumbai Attacks.	India blames Lashkr e Taiba for Mumbai attacks.
	American Foreign Minister, Condoleeza Rice told the Pakistani leadership that there should be immediate action taken against the perpetrators of the Mumbai attack.	Condalisa rice, American foreign minister asked Pakistani leadership to take practical and transparent actions against those responsible for Mumbai attacks.	American Foreign Secretary Condolisa Rice asked Pakistani leadership to take practical measures for instant and transparent action against the responsible s of Mumbai attacks.
It is their claim that without a doubt, the extremists who carried out the Mumbai attacks used Pakistani land.	He said that the extremists whom attacked Mambae used Pakistani earth.	he believed the terrorists involved in Mumbai Attacks used the Pakistani soil.	She says that no doubt the extremists responsible for Mumbai attacks used Pakistani soil.
In the meanwhile, officials in Peshawar claim that the lot of trucks which carry supplies to the united forces in Afghanistan was burnt by unidentified armed people, because of which more than 50 trucks were destroyed.	Meanwhile, the saying of Pashawar commanders is that  unknown miltary persons fired the another point of United miltary truks and in result 50 miltary truks destroyed.	Meanwhile, the officials in Peshawar has told that more than 50 trucks have been burnt by some unknown armed persons. These trucks were going to Afghanistan with goods for NATO forces.	During this Peshawar Government says that unknown armed persons has set another truck stand for supply of goods to Allied Forces deployed in Afghanistan on fire, due to which more then fifty vehicles are destroyed.
This is the second attack in Peshawar on NATO and American supplies in the last 48 hours.	It is the second attack on NETO and America.	These was the second attack on American supply during the last 48 hours.	It is the second attack on Neto and American supplies during 48 hours in Peshawar.
In the meanwhile, Pakistan captured an established camp of the almost inexistent Lashkar-e-Taiba. Previously, lots of efforts were carried out to try to disarm armed groups all the way from Karachi to the tribal regions, which included giving compensation to those who returned their weapons and even ascertaining them that no action would be taken against them.	Meanwhile, Pakistan made the show of disactive party Lashkar-e-Taiba and before this was tried to make miltary persons unmiltary and miltary wepons were changed with money and cartainly no any action without it.	Meanwhile Pakistani police cracked down a camp of Lashkar i Taiba, a banned outfit. Already many efforts have been made to disarmed the extremists, even money and indemnity was offered.	During this Pakistan raid an alleged camp of banned Lashkr e Taiba and before this struggles has been made to unarm the armed groups from Karachi to Tribal areas including rewards on returning of the weapons and assurance of taking no action.
The situation is telling us that the efforts undertaken in the regime of General Ziyaul Haqq, after the previous Soviet Union's interference in Afghanistan to get rid of the armed groups that formed as a result of the resistance that started through American and Saudi funding, and to bring an environment similar to that before 1980 were not successful.	The situations told that in the past period of President ZiaulHaq  the efforts of Pakistan to end of miltary parties in the result of enterance of Soviat Union in Afghanistan and the resistance by America funding did not succeed.	It is clear from the circumstances that efforts remain unsuccessful to dislodge the armed groups funded by Americans and Saudis during afghan war. It means efforts to restore Pre-80's Pakistan are fruitless.	It is revealed that during the reign of General Zia ul Huq because of the invasion of the ex USSR in Afghanistan and its resistance started by the American and Saudi funding resulted in the birth of armed groups of which Pakistan unable to terminated could not get back herself to the era before 1980s.
The question is what does Pakistan want to do?	The question is this is Pakistan wants to do it?	Question arises, whether Pakistan wants to do so?	The question is does Pakistan want to do it?
Does Pakistan have the ability to do so?	Is Pakistan capable for this?	If Pakistan has an ability to do this?	Is Pakistan capable of doing this?
What do you say?	What do you say?	What is your opinion?	What do you think?
Click here for details.	Click here fo details.	For details please click here	For details click here
(Please note that since there is an increase in the number of comments, only those comments typed in Urdu will be published.	Please note it that only urgues typed in urdu are published due to large number of urgues.	Note: due to higher numbers, only comments typed in Urdu will be published	(Kindly note that due to the increase in reviews, Urdu typed reviews will be published.
Press alt+shift to select Urdu on screen.	For this, press alt+shift on on-screen keyboard and select urdu.	For this, click Alt+Shift on the on-screen keyboard and select Urdu)	For this press alt+shift and select Urdu on onscreen keyboard)
I have only one question from all humanitarian leaders.	I ask only one question from flag holders of humanity.	I have only one question for the standard bearers of the world.	I have got a single question from all of the human right champions.
You murder their children and they bring garlands for you?   That's impossible	If you kill their children and they bring necklace for you, this is impossible.	If you kill their children, will they come to garland you? It is impossible.	It is impossible for them to stand infront of you with neclaces if you kill their childeren.
	Saeed, Multan.	Saeed, Multan	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 1184
knowledge of east and west is there any logic, reason or philosophy which allows killing of innocent people including Namazi, laborers and poor service men in the revenge of American attacks	And question from you that from islamic studies to western eastern studies, say any logic, argument and philosophy give permission to kill innocent civilians including praying men, laborers and poor workers of different occupations, in revenge of American attack?	And I ask you, does any science, from Islamic sciences to the sciences of the East and the West, any logic or philosophy, anywhere, give the permission to kill innocent public, including worshipers, laborers, and poor workers, in revenge for the American attacks?	And now I do have a question for you that if there is any logic,statement or philosphy from the Islamic studies to Eastern and Western studies that permit killing innocent people including Nimazi(prayer offerer Muslim),labourer and job oriented poor workers in revenge of the American attacks?
If your answer is no then you need to correct your point of view.	If answer is in no then you have instant need of correcting your point of view.	If your answer is in negative, then you really need to fix your viewpoint.	And if NO,then you need  hard to rectify your point of view.
People were armed because there was a danger of Russia coming towards Pakistan after Afghanistan.	People were armed, at that time their was a danger that Russia will turn toward Pakistan after Afghanistan, therefore people were armed.	The people were armed when there was the fear that Russia would head towards Pakistan after finishing Afghanistan, and that is why they were supplied arms.	Peoples were armed at that time it was feared that after Afghanistan, Russia will attack Pakistan so people were armed.
Now when the danger is that America can attack Pakistan form the channel of Afghanistan which was mentioned directly in the presidential campaign by the president himself. Then why should unarmed these people?	Now when there is danger that America will overrun Pakistan through passage of Afghanistan of which American president had said out in his election campaign then why should we unarm these people?	Now, when there is the fear that America will capture Pakistan, via Afghanistan, as the president American president has clearly mentioned in his presidential mission, why should we disarm them now?	Now when there is the danger of American attack via Afghanistan of which current American President clearly expressed in his presidential campaign then why should we disarm these people?
Just because America and India will not have to face any public resistance after defeating Pakistan army.	Only because America or India army don't have to face any civil resistance after defeating Pakistani army?	Only so that after defeating the American or Indian army, it does not have to face any resistance from the public?	Only for this that after defeating Pakistani Army America or India may not face any public resistance?
Yes if any of them are involved in terrorist activities then only Pakistan should take action against them.	Yes, if anyone of them is involved in any destructive actions then Pakistan should act against them.	Yes, if any of them are guilty of being involved in any destructive work, Pakistan can take action against them alone.	Yes, if any of them is involved in sabotage activities then only Pakistan should take action against him.
But the sad fact of the matter is that leaders of Lashkare Tayyaba declared the accusations of India correct that Pakistan was involved.	but this is morn, that government against Lashkaray Taiba  that prove right India that Pakistan involve in that.	But it is sad that the fact that Lashkar-e-Taiba is involved proves India's claim that Pakistan is guilty in this.	But there it is sad government favoring lashkare tayyiba proving indian words true has made pakistan bad.
Najeeb Ur Rehman Psycho *Lahore*	Najeeb Ul Rehman Saico, *Lahore* [P@KI@N]	Najeebur Rahman Syco, Lahore	Najeeb ur rehman seiko, *Lahore* [P@KI$T@N]
Even if this is accepted that Lashkare Tayyaba is involved, still the blame cannot be placed on the Pakistani Government.	if accept that Laskaray Taiba involve that still it is wrong to blame Pakistani government.	Even if we accept that Lashkar-e-Taiba is guilty, it is still not correct to blame the Pakistani government.	if it is believed that lashkare tayyiba is bad then also it is not right to blame Pakistan government.
And another question arises that did these terrorists not have the aid of some government or non-government employee of India.	and one question is also that this terrorist have a either get support of any Government or Indian government personal?	And another question is that were these terrorists not supported by an Indian governmental or non-governmental agent?	One more question is this that this terrorists has not received any help from a government or non- government Indian.
Are the Terrorist only born or prepared in Pakistan, and not prepared in India or other nations of the world.	is terrorist only born and made in Pakistan and not made in India and rest of the countries?	Are terrorists only born or prepared in Pakistan, and not in any other country of the world?	Are terrorists are only born and bought up in Pakistan and don't they come from India or around the world?
As far as Laskare Tayyaba is concern it has no involvement in the recent incidents.	as far as Laskaray Taiba has concerned they did not involve to this recent terror.	As for Lashkar-e-Taiba, the present terrorism is in no way connected to it.	As for as Lashkr e Taiba is concerned ongoing terrorism is not linked to it.
This should be kept in mind that Hafiz Saeed was the first Jihadi leader who claimed that the actions of Taliban were a Fitna.	this has remember that Hafiz Saeed was the first person who called Taliban acts as 'Fitnah'.	It must be remembered that Hafiz Saeed is the first 'Jehadi leader' who called the Taliban actions 'mischief'.	It must be recalled that Hafiz Saeed was the first 'Militant Leader' who declared activities of Taliban 'revolt'.
I believe without a doubt that all the actions of the Taliban were an integral part of the American scheme, therefore it is necessary to eradicate anyone and everyone who stands in the way of Taliban.	this is my firm believe that Taliban acts was a part of American projects so that every that person and group need to clean out from the way who challenge Taliban in any manner.	I am sure that the Taliban effect is a inseparable result of American plans, and hence every person who can stand in the way of Taliban must be removed.	I am quite sure that Taliban agitation is a vital part of American plans so every person or organization must be eliminated who challenges Taliban in any aspect.
Despite the co-operation of the entire nation, launching an operation under the pressure of India shows the stature and non existant leader ship qualities of Zerdari and Co.	even support by whole nation, take action against Lashkar due to Indian pressure indicate Zardindco frustration and butter up nature.	Despite the support of the whole nation, the fact that Zardari and co. took action against the Lashkar is a clear sign of their frigid and kiss-up nature.	Despite the cooperation of the whole nation action against Lashkr due to the pressure of India indicates the nervousness and flatterness of Zardari and Co.
The operations started with American and Saudi funding has to come to an end and to do so it should be requested of them that for god sake wipe out this filth that is consistently polluting our society.	American said to end this campagin which start from Saudi's funding ask them godly now clean this dirt as well, which make our society polluted.	To stop the project that is running on Saudi-American funding, they must be requested themselves to regather, for God's sake, the filth that has polluted our society.	To terminate the expedition started by the American and Saudi funding, they should be requested to clean up the mess which is poisoning our society.
And also protest against them asking them based on what ethics, America and Saudi spread dangerous weapons and so called Jihadi, but in reality hate inciting and cultural virus enticing literature in our country, because of which our country has become a human slaughterhouse.	One should also protest against them that according to what ethics, America and Saudi Arabia distributed dangerous weapons and named Jihadis but in the reality spread the virus of hateful literature and culture. Due to which slaughter houses were open in our country.	we will protest against them that in which ethical way America and Saudia has distributed Dangerous weapons and so called Jihad but actually they have distributed hatred literature and cultural virus which has created a human slaughter houses.	Also protest them that by what ethics American and Saudis are spreaded dangerous arms and so called Jihadi but in fact the virus of  loathsome literature and culture, due to which human butcher houses established in our country.
After facing the risk of attack from India, the Pakistani Army's announcement that it would remove forces from the Afghan border and post them at the Indian border, and the announcement of the Taliban that it would handle the Afghan border, caused America to stumble, and pressurize India not to attack Pakistan.	After the threat of attack from India, announcement of the Pakistani Army that they will divert their attention to India by removing the army from Afghanistan and the announcement of Taliban that they will take care of the Afghan border, America stumbled badly. And tried its best that India should attack Pakistan.	after the threat from India to attack Pakistan, Pakistan Military announces that he will pull his forces from Afghan border and put it towards India. Taliban also announces that they will take care of the Afghan border which resulted in a chaos In America and he Forced India not to do war with Pakistan.	After the threat of an attack from the Indian side, an announcement from the Pakistan Army that they would pull their troops from the Afghan Border and would commit them towards India and a declaration from Taliban that they would take care of the Afghan Border, staggered the Americans badly and thus put all their weight behind Pakistan against an Indian attack.
This showed the strength of America in the region.	This shattered the confidence of America in the area.	In this Letter all the musket of American Power was exposed	This exposed the might of the American Army in the region.
Though India did not warn that they would attack, and nor do they have that much courage.	Although India did not even threatened nor it has the guts to.	in contrast India has never threatened nor he has the power to attack	Although India neither made any threat of an attack nor she had the courage to do so.
The Taliban attacked and finished most of the remaining American supplies.	And the rest was taken care of by the attacks of Taliban or American posts.	the remaining damage is done by the Taliban by attacking the American convoy	In addition, attacks of Taliban on the American supply lines proved to be the final nail in the coffin.
That proves that without the Pakistani Army and tha Pakistani government, America is nothing.	Thus it was proven that without the support of Pakistan and its army, America can not do anything.	this proved that without Pakistan Military and Government Of Pakistan support America is Nothing	Thus, it was proved that without the help of Pakistan Government and Army, America would achieve nothing.
Karachi is the trade and financial center of Pakistan, and the Dubai of the backward regions.	Karachi is Pakistan's business and economic center and Dubai of the less privileged areas.	Karachi, Pakistan's Main Business and Finance City which is Dubai of all the rural areas	Karachi Business Financial Center of Pakistan is Dubai of underdeveloped areas.
Hundreds of thousands never return from here empty handed, but ever since the law and order situation in the western border regions was lost, all people diverted their attention here.	Hundreds of thousands do not return empty handed from here. But since the law was enforced on the western borders, Karachi has taken all the attention.	Million never returned from here with empty hands, but when western areas law and order situation is worsen all attention is directed towards Karachi	Hundreds of thousand never return empty pocket from here, but since the grip of law has weekend in Western Frontier areas all eyes are on Karachi.
Now they waant to kidnap this city.	Now they are looking to kidnap this city.	now they want to hijack this city	Now they are about to kidnap this city.
For the first time, Pathans began to be called Pukhtons, and the people of a single town are made foreigners and are being made to fight, while the need is for unity.	For the first time Pathan's are called Pashtoons. They are made to fight by making them strangers to each other. Although the need is to be united.	for the first time Pathans are called by Pakhtuns,which is making city's people as stranger and fighting among each other, but to be united is necessity of time	First time Pathans are named Pakhtoon, residents of a city are involved in fighting like strangers, although need of the time is unity.
One solution to the problem is that the Urdu speaking learn Pushto or the Pushto speaking learn Urdu, or its better that everybody learns English.	One possible solution to the problem is this that either Urdu speaking learn Pashto or Pashto speaking learn Urdu, or whats better is they all learn English.	One solution to this problem is that either the Urdu speaking people learn Pushtun or the Pushtun speaking people learn Urdu, or better yet, both learn English.	One solution of the problem is that the Urdu speaking people learn Pushto or the Pushto speaking learn Urdu or if everyone learns English, the better.
You must be thinking its a funny suggestion, but don't you think the cause of the conflict is also funny?	You will surely think this as a ridiculous suggestion but do you think that reason of this conflict is not ridiculous?	You might think that this is a funny proposal, but does the cause of the conflict not seem funny?	You will certainly think of the suggestion as absurd, but donâ€™t you think the cause of the conflict is bizarre?
that the cause of the torture would be language?	That reason of violence is language?	That the cause of extremism be language?	That the cause of clash is language?
Zaheer Chughtai	Zaheer Chughtai	Zaheer Chughtai	Zaheer Chughtai
Sir in my childhood I had actually given the same suggestion many times to my friends ,which included people from every religion and rhetoric groups, but my friend people used to laugh over these suggestions.	Sir i gave this suggestion  in childhood in reality to my friends in which there were people according to classification from every religion and dialect but friends used to laugh on my talks.	Sir, I actually shared this proposal many times in my childhood with my friends, which included people from all religious and linguistic groups, but these people used to laugh at me.	Sir, during my childhood, I really gave this suggestion on numerous occasions to my friends of all ethnic and religious groups; every time people laughed at it.
at that time, these rhetoric and religious differences were not that live and powerful but they were boiling inside.	At that time the condition of Jinn of hatred of dialectal and religious was not that alive and strong but it was brewing internally.	At that time, the religious and linguistic hate, which was not as lively and strong as they are today, were still developing within.	At that time, these ethnic and religious sentiments of hatred were not so strong, they were merely boiling inside.
its hard to understand that what is happening and why?	Do not understand what and why is this happening?	I can never understand what is happening and why?	Can't understand what and why it is happening?
are these the signs of the judgement day?	Are these the very same signs of Last day?	Are these the signs of the Day of Judgement?	Are these the indicators of Dooms day.
what are these innocent and innoxious people being killed for?	For what crime are innocent and guiltless being killed?	For what crime are innocent people being killed?	By what reason innocents are dieing?
the reason is in front of everyone, ones who want to break Pakistan into pieces are active and those who do all this neither belong to any religion nor a country.	The reasons are in front of everyone who wants to divide Pakistan in pieces same are active here and who do this they neither have religion and nor country.	The reasons are in front of everybody. Those who want to break up Pakistan are the active ones, and those who do such things, have neither religion, nor country.	Every one knows the causes those who want to destroy Pakistan are involved and those who commit all this have no religion or country.
Be it Karachi or Mumbai, house set fire by its own resident (this is an phrase used to say that the inhabitants to the city destroying their own city)	Whether it is Karachi or Bombay, our homes are burnt with their own lamps( we  have destroyed our homes ourselves)	Whether it be Karachi or Mumbai, the house was burnt by the houses own lanterns	Either Karachi or Mumbai it is an inside job.
which ever government comes to power changes the name of important infrastructure projects like airports, major roads, buildings, presently this is the case and buildings, airports etc have been renamed as Baynazeer (name of a very famous political leader of Pakistan assassinated during a public speech)	When the government comes, they just change names of the places to build a name for themselves. Just like these days airports, roads, buildings are all named Benazir.	Whichever government comes, it only changes the names of the places and starts working for fame, just like how nowadays, the airports, roads and buildings are all Benazir.	Every upcoming government gets herself involved in changing the names of places, like now a days airport, roads, buildings all Benazir.
Does Baynzeer means what is going on with the people of Karachi and Pakistan ?	What has happened in Karachi, is this what Benazir means?	Does Benazir mean that which is happening to the public of Karachi and Pakistan?	Is this the meaning of Benazir which is happening in Karachi and to the peoples of Pakistan?
While Mumbai attack was on peak, the initiative taken by RAW(Indian spy agency)to start sectarian violence was busted and this event proves that in past political figures on RAW's payroll have now given up the job.	When Bombay attacks were at their peak, the failure of efforts of RA to initiate turmoil in Karachi proves this that in the past political elements working on the payroll of RA have now resigned from their posts.	At the height of the Mumbai attacks, the fact that the efforts to cause mischief on linguistic and racial lines in Karachi failed is proof that those politicians working on racial parole have resigned from their jobs.	In accordance with the Mumbai attack it is said that the the task in Karachi have been failed to perform. And now that these job elements should resign.
Spilling of innocent blood of Pushto speaking people and by India threatening many a times, have waked up the Pakistani's from Karachi to Khyber.	unjustified killing of Pashto speaking hard workers and Indian threats have awaken sleeping Pakistanis from Karachi to Khyber.	The taking of the lives of innocent Pushtu speaking labourers and the Indian warnings have awakened the sleeping Pakistani feelings from Karachi to Khyber.	The Indians in the Karachi should wake up as the laborers are speaking improperley.
All strict applause of anger from political, religious, sectarian and national bodies is now teaching India the manners of diplomatic speech. They have provided American strategists a chance to think again.	Where reaction full of patriotism of all political, religious, lingual and national parties have taught diplomatic manners to India, at the same time they have also given American planners one more chance to think.	The identical country loving reaction of all the political, religious, linguistic and national parties has not only taught India the manners of diplomacy but it has also given the American policy makers a chance to think again.	The National parties, political parties, religious parties , linguistic and national parties react in a diplomatic manner for India against the bomb attack
Thosse responsible for the turmoil in Karachi are Mutahida and Awami National Party ANP where as the establishment is inclined towards one party and nor neutral.	MQM and ANP are responsible for the turmoil in Karachi and management is showing self interest.	The responsible parties for the worsening situation in Karachi are the United and the ANP, and the government is taking sides.	MQM and ANP are responsible for the worse situation in Karachi and administration is not neutral.
The establishment could had controlled the events in an hour but intentionally allowed to the event to escalate.	Management can control the situation in 1 hour but it is being given wind on purpose.	The government can control the situation in one hour, but it is purposely allowing it to grow.	Administration can control the situation in an hour but it is incited deliberately
Police and Rangers abstained from taking any action since they were in pressure from political parties.	Pressure of political parties on police and rangers keeps them from doing the operation.	The police and rangers are avoiding action because of the pressure on them by the political parties.	, police and rangers don't take action because of political parties pressure.
The talks about a unity amongst political parties on the issue is limited to paper only. Party will have to forgo their own vested interests and work for the interests of a common man	Talks of getting united are only limited to statements, political parties should let go of their self interests and work for the interest of a common man.	The talk of uniting is only restricted to speeches. The political parties should leave their interests and work for the interest of the common man.	To unite is only expressed in speeches, political parties should have to quit their interests and work for common people.
until there is pressure on the administration, these kind of incidents will keep taking place.	As long as there will be political pressure on the government, more such incidents will take place. May Allah save Pakistan.	These kinds of situations will happen until political pressure stays on the management. Allah keep Pakistan safe.	Till the end administration is under political pressure such incidents will increase, Allah bless Pakistan.
I think these people are the biggest terrorists.	I believe these people are the biggest terrorists.	In my opinion, they are the biggest terrorists.	In my openion,these are the biggest terrorrists.
and foreign powers are definitely involved in this but no one knows who they are?	And there are definitely some foreign forces at work here, but I do not know whose?	And of course there are external powers active in this. But no one knows who they are?	And there must be some foreign hands behind it but do'nt  know which?
but alas that if these incidents were in any city of NWFP, then what would the government have done over there, but since its not in NWFP, the government seems to be helpless.	And the sad thing is that if such a situation was prevalent in any border town, the government would take care of that place, but as this is far from the border, the government looks helpless.	But what is sad the most is if this kind of situation occurred in some city of Sarhad, government would have done what not but now when it is not in Sarhad, the government is so helpless.	But if these circumstances occured in any city of N.W.F.P,then govt. had to do anything against it using all of it's resources but the govt. seems to be helpless when this is not in N.W.F.P.
the government should operate here and save a large and very important city of the country from terrorism	The government should set up an operation here, and save a big and important town from terrorism.	Government should do an operation here and save country's big and an important city.	Govt. should take an army action here saving a big and important city of the country from terrorism.
otherwise Pakistan will face a huge financial crisis.	Otherwise Pakistan will face a huge financial crisis.	Otherwise, Pakistan will face a big economic setback.	Otherwise Pakistan will have to face an enormous financial crisis.
BBC Urdu is also not writing the truth under pressure and Pakistani media's condition is already weak.	Even BBC Urdu is not writing the truth due to fear, and as for the local media, it is even thinner.	Even BBC Urdu is not writing the truth being scared. On the other hand Pakistan's media's condition is even worse.	BBC Urdu is also under fear. whereas the tax situations in Pakistan is very bad.
the whole truth is there on BBC English.	The whole truth is available on BBC English.	The complete truth is available on BBC English.	BBC Urdu has all the truth.
one solution to the problem is that either Urdu speakers should learn Pushto or Pushto speaking learn Urdu or better if every body learns English.	One solution to the problem is that either the Urdu speaking people learn Pushtun or the Pushtun speaking people learn Urdu or even better, both learn English.	One solution to the problem is this that Urdu speaking people should learn Pashto or Pashto speaking people should learn Urdu or it is even better if everyone learns English.	one of the problem is this Urdu speakers learn pastu or pastu speakers learn Urdu or its better if all learns English.
you will definitely take is as a funny suggestion but don't you think the cause of the conflict is also funny?	Definitely, you might think this is a funny proposal, but do you not think the reason for the clashes is funny?	You will obviously consider this suggestion as ridiculous but don't you think the reason for collision is ridiculous?	obviously you would imagine this would be tough but due to due would tough become any simpler?
that language is the reason of violence?	that the cause of extremism be language?	The reason for persecution may be language ?	is language is a problem for communication?
There was another story of cruelness recorded in Karachi, terror of which was being felt by every citizen for a long time.	They spilled blood in Karachi and the story that each citizen was fearing for a long time was finally written.	Another story of murder has finally been published in Karachi, which was being dreaded by all the citizens for a long time.	At last another merciless incident in Karachi that was terrifiying every citizen for long.
Wherever one could do something, he did everything. Reports on the media are 50% of what has happened here in four days.	No one left any stone unturned, and the reports that surfaced in the media was 50% of what actually happened here in four days.	The criminals do not let go any opputunity of a crime. The news reports and the media are only telling 50% of what actually happened here in 4 days.	The media reports are only 50 percent of last four incidents occured there.One did't left any space according to his chances.
Stayed awake in the last four nights and still afraid.	I stayed up the last three nights and I am still afraid.	Have spent the last three nights without sleeping, and the fear is still there.	Last three nights were sleepless and are still afraid.
Who evacuated hotels, killed cobblers peanut sellers.	The people who killed the cobblers and peanut sellers who evacuated the hotel	Those who make the people evacuate hotels, those who kill the shoe-makers and the peanut-sellers.	To kill the cobblers and dry fruit sellers who tried to emptify the hotels.
causing depredation on Super highway and cutting off ears of the innocents are all not aware of the punishment of Allah, which will catch them one day.	The people who looted the super highway and cut the ears of innocent people are all unaware of Allah's punishment which can catch them anytime.	Those who rob and kill at the Super Highway, and cut off the ears of innocent citizens, they are ignorant of the wrath of Allah which will eventually entrap them.	They who cut the ears of innocent people and rob at the super highway,are all ignorent of Allah's approach,to whom they will be a victim of one day.
In your opinion, what are the reasons of this sudden disturbance?	What do you think are the reasons for this sudden violence?	What could be the reasons of this sudden turmoil in your opinion?	In your perspective what is the reason for bad peace?
(BBC)	(BBC)	(B.B.C)	(BBC)
Placing in front of us the heart struck attacks of Bombay, we certainly do not have to dive to find the reasons for this disturbance in Karachi. But there is one simple and easy reason that this disturbance was the result of spilling of blood subconsciously.	Keeping the heart rendering Mumbai attacks in view and diving to search for a cause for the violence in Karachi is not at all needed, rather the quite straightforward reason for this violence is the subconscious change in 'blood'.	Keeping in view, the gruesome bloodshed event in Mumbai, we do not need to delve deep into the matter to find the reason of disorder in Karachi. It is simple and easy to guess that the turmoil is just due to an unconcious trade of blood.	Keeping in front of painful mumbai attack of India searching reason for bad peace in Karachi is not necessary but it is straight this only happened because the shed of 'blood'
It is evident that if some one will knock kneed with the father, it is not unusual for the son to get out of control.	It is obvious that if someone mistreats the father, it is no surprise if the son becomes out of control.	Obviously if somebody infuriates a father, it would not be surprising if the son reacts violently.	Its an open secret that if anyone fights with 'father' then 'son' getting out of control is not amazing thing.
The blood of Liyaqath Ali Khan and many other brave hearts was also from there. I am writing this poem to get rid of Saiko's misunderstanding.	Liaquat ali khan and many Other freedom fighters belong to that. he was writing a poetry to remove Mr. Saiko Miss understanding.	the blood of the loyalists of Liaqat Ali Khan also belonged to the same place but to eliminate Mr. Psycho's misunderstanding I am writing this verse.	Liaqat Ali Khan and many devotees also belonged to there,for correcting the misunderstanding of Mr. Psycho I am quoting a verse
We will also repeat the traditions of the elders	we will again establish the old traditions	we will also repeat our elders' traditions	We also will follow our ancestors
They gave their lives to build, we will give our lives to save.	we gave Live for it and we gonna protect it by giving our lives.	we made it by sacrificing lives and will save it by doing the same	sacrificed for her existence and will sacrifice to save her.
Faizan Touseef Siddiqi	Faizan Tausif Siddiqui	Faizan Tauseef Siddiqui	Faizan Taufiq Siddiqui
It is very sad that we are fighting each other at a time when the whole country is under attack.	its very sad that whole country is on stake and we are still fighting each other	it is very disappointing that whole country is at stake and we are fighting with each other.	It is very sad, the whole country is at stake while we are fighting with each other.
I tell Mr. Siddiqi that if he checks Wikipedia.org	Mr. Siddiqui, in Wikipedia	Mr. Siddiqui, I request if wikipedia.	Mr. Siddiqui for your kind information if Wikipedia.
for Liyaqath Ali Khan, then he will know that he was from a repectable Punjabi family, in the Karnal region of Punjab district.	we got to know that Liaquat Ali Khan was related to the province of Punjab, in the area of Karnal and belongs to a Punjabi Family	see Liaqat Ali Khan, you will will find out that he belonged to a noble Punjabi family from Karnal in Punjab.	org is searched for Liaqat Ali Khan, you will know that he belonged to a noble Punjabi family of an area of Punjab Karnal.
Because of his steps for immigrants, today the immigrant call him their own.	for his effort for Refugee, today Refugee consider him as there own	due to his steps for the migrants, today the migrants consider him as one of them.	Due to his services for Muhajirs, they consider him their leader.
Every action has a reaction.	for every action there is a reaction	there is always a reaction to every action.	Every action has got a reaction.
One can bear ones self, but..	you can tolerate till your own but	one can afford on oneself but.	Till our own is bearable but.
Consequences of noises.	I'jaz A'wan	Ejaz Aiwan	Ijaz Awan
many of us who live in large towns and cities have grown used to working in noise which comes from several different sources. There is the noise of moving trains which is heard at almost all hours of the day.	Sir, before you get a large number of people with proposals, I shall tell you that the open signs of this mischief is also found on the walls of Karachi, in the form of posters and wall chalking.	Sir, before you gather a huge crowd very quickly, I should tell you that you are finding the open memento of the real gangster activities these days on the walls of Karachi in the form of wall chalking and posters.	Before that you gather a crowd of people giving suggestions over the night,I have to tell you that we can find true evidences of real missbehaving in the walls of Karachi in the form of wall chalkings and posters.
The Jet planes that fly over head produce noise of even greater loudness and intensity.	We have been bearing both types of mischief.	We have been tolerating both kinds of actions.	We have been bearing both kinds of misbehaviour.
Most of us have no time to think of noises on one type or another.	Mischief mongers did not leave Pakistan or the founder of Pakistan. They did not have to face any reaction.	These thugs did not even forgive Pakistan and the founder of Pakistan, they did not face any reaction.	By the way,vegabonds even did not tolerated newly existed Pakistan and its founder.But they have never faced any reaction.
They become part of our daily lives.	Contrary to that, they are pecking at the chest of Pakistan.	On the contrary, we are writing our hearts on the chest of Pakistan.	In return,creating problems for the same country,Pakistan
But there is something to be thought of-does noise affect our lives in some harmful ways.	There used to be one Muslim League (n), but they also made the rough version of the 18th amendment and handed it over to the Peoples Party.	One Muslim League N was left, even they made a draft of the 18th amendment and gave it to People's Party.	Only Muslim League (N) was left, she also handed over the draft of 18th amendment to Peoples Party.
already there is evidence that it does so in several ways. It has been recognized for a long time.	Before that, MQM and Muslim League (q) had already handed in rough versions of the 18th amendment to the national assembly and senate.	Before this, MQM and Muslim League Q have made and submitted a draft of the 18th amendment in the National Assembly and the Senate.	Before this MQM and Muslim League (Q) has already submitted the draft of 18th amendment in assembly and senate.
Now that exposure to noise high intensity leads to loss of hearing. There have been cases of boiler-makers, for example, whose suffer from occupational deafness.	It still seems that the copies of the 18th amendment is a political trickery, and no one is sincere about accepting that amendment.	Till now it seems that drafts of the 18th amendment is a political trick and no one is sincere in getting this amendment approved.	Till now it appears that 18th amendment was a political move and none of the party is sincere in its approval.
More recently it has also been found that people who are continuously exposed to other loud noises require protection of the ear.	This is why no fuss was made in the assembly or on the floor of senate over this amendment, and the parliament was not forced into accepting the amendment.	This is the reason why  no one has made a fuss in the assembly or senate floor in the favor of this amendment nor has forced the assembly to approve this change.	This is why nobody has raised voice in the favor of this amendment in senate or assembly and neither forced the House to approve the amendment.
If we live in industrial areas which are growing with every passing year, there is the deafening noise produced by the speakers in house or shops, radio sets in the neighborhood, school children at play or at chorus practice of arithmetical tables, and so on.	It looks as if the parties just wanted to get the thing off their backs by submitting the rough versions, so that tomorrow, they may say that we had submitted our versions of the amendment, but the government speaker did not take action.	It seems like that after submitting the drafts of 18th amendment, these parties have done their part that is they will be able to say this tomorrow that we submitted the draft, government speaker did not take any action.	It seems that by submitted the draft of 18th amendment these parties has beaten around the bushes means they can claim that we had submitted the amendment but the ruling party's speaker did not proceed.
MQM is i coalation with government, Muslim League(N) is secret partnership with government and Muslim League(Q) is the party that passed 17Th ammendment, then how it is possible that these parties are sincere in abolishing the 17Th Amendment	MQM coalition partner of government, Muslim League N an underhand ally of government and Muslim league Q the party to approve the seventeenth amendment then how is it possible that these parties can be sincere to approve the disapprove amendment.	MQM the government, Muslim League N in the opposition and Muslim League Q was the party who passed 17th amendment so how is it possible that these parties will be sincere in finishing the 17th amendment.	MQM an ally of government, Muslim League (N) secret friend and Muslim League (Q) has approved the 17th amendment, then how is it possible that they are sincere in removing 17th amendment.
This is the way to get ones name entered in the list of martyrs by just getting painted.	its just like writing your name amongst shaheeds by just putting color on yourself.	This is what is called getting credit for nothing.	It is like painting red to be counted amongst martyred.
The Peoples Party is otherwise not in hurry to end the seventeenth ammendment.	Peoples Party anyway is not in a hurry to dismiss the seventeenth amendment.	People's party is already not in a hurry about finishing 17th amendment.	Peoples Party is not what so ever in a hurry to remove 17th amendment.
How any one can think of getting his own hands cut.	How would one think of getting his own hands cut.	How can someone think of cutting their own hands?	Nobody can think of cutting his own hands.
Seventeenth Ammendment cannot be abolished till Zardari is the President.	as long as Zardari is the president, seventeenth amendment is not going to be cancelled.	17th amendment will not be canceled until Zardari is the President.	As long Zardari is President 17th amendment will be there.
This was the opinion of majority in one of our survey and it is also correct.	this is an opinion of a majority in our survey and so is the truth.	This was the opinion of the majority in our survey and it is also true.	It was majority's opinion in our one survey and a fact too.
Zardari would not have opted to be the President, if seventeenth ammendment was to be abolished.	if the seventeenth amendment was to be cancelled then Zardari would never had become the president.	If 17th amendment was to be discarded then Zardari would have never become the president.	If 17th amendment ought to be removed then Zardari wont become president.
Now he is more powerful than President Musharraf, since along with President he is also  the chairman of Peoples Party.	Now he is even more powerful that president Musharaf as along with being the president he is also the chairman of the Peoples party.	Now he is even more powerful than President Parvez Musharaf. Because with being the president, he is also the chairman of the People's Party.	Now he is more powerful then President Pervez as along with the President he is the Chairman of Peoples Party.
The seventeenth ammendment is there till he is the president.	as long as he is the president, the seventeenth amendment will remain intact.	17th amendment is valid until he is the president.	Till he is president 17th amendment is there.
Political Parties will have to remove President Zardari first, in order to abolish  the seventeenth ammendment.	in order to cancel the seventeenth amendment, the political parties will first have to dismiss president Zardari from the presidency.	In order to finish the 17th amendment, the political parties will have to bid Zardari farewell from the president house.	For removing 17th amendment political parties has to depart President Zardari from President house first.
This is not the will of MQM nor of other parties.	neither MQM wants this nor other parties.	Neither MQM nor other parties want this.	Neither MQM wants it nor the other parties.
In our family, most of the people are of the laborer type.	most of the elders from our family belonged to the labor community.	Most of the elders in our family belong to labor class.	Most elders of our family belonged to labor class.
And in our childhood, when we used to see our uncles toil, we used to wish in our hearts that Allah save us from labor that is hard on the body.	in our childhood when we used to see our uncles doing labor work, we used to pray to Allah: that please save us from this hard labor work.	During your childhood when we our uncles doing their work we prayed Allah to protect us from physical labor.	And when we in our childhood we used to see our uncles doing strenuous labor it gave birth to this desire in our heart that God protects us from strenuous physical labor.
To save ourselves from this, we wrote a letter to the editor of the Amroz daily, asking him what we can do after metric to save ourselves from having to toil.	to avoid this we wrote a letter to the editor of the daily Amroz and asked him what should we do after matriculation so that we don't have to do labor work.	To avoid this we wrote to the editor of monthly Amroz to ask him what to do after matriculation so that we would not have to do physical labor.	To seek refuge from it we wrote a letter to the editor of daily Amroz and asked â€œwhat should we do after matriculation exams that we donâ€™t have to go through strenuous physical labor.
The editor wrote in reply to become a doctor or engineer and take such and such subjects.	the editor wrote in reply that we should select certain subjects and become doctors or engineers.	Editor in reply wrote that we should become Doctor or Engineer and study these courses.	Editor in his reply wrote that we should become a doctor or an engineer and should opt for such and such subjects to study.
My focus was always on engineering, and after metric, instead of Biology, I took Technical Drawing.	right from beginning my trend was towards engineering and I had selected technical drawing instead of Biology in metric as well.	We were inclined towards engineering and in matriculation we studied Technical drawing instead of Biology.	From the beginning we were inclined toward engineering and also in metric we opted for technical drawing instead of biology.
But while entering the FSC, my elder brother forced me to do FSC in medicine and become a doctor.	but at the time of admission in F.Sc. my elder brother forced me to become a doctor after doing F.Sc. in medical.	But at the time of admissions in FSc the elder brother forced us to study medical in FSc.	But at the time of admission in FSC elder brother insisted on doing FSC in Pre Medical and become a doctor.
I studied Biology for a month with great difficulty, and when I still could not understand anything, I took maths as a subject instead.	I studied Biology for hardly a month and then when nothing worked out, I took maths as an alternate subject.	We hardly studied biology for a month before we started studying maths.	We hardly studied biology for a month and when we couldnâ€™t understand a thing we swapped biology for Mathematics.
So the scare of having to work made me an engineer, and today I am in a very good condition compared to many of my same aged relatives, for which I am always thanking Allah.	means that the fear from labor work made me an engineer and now I am in a better position than my fellows in the family for which I am always thankful to God.	Means that to avoid physical labour we became engineer and we are in better position than many friends in our family and we thank Allah for it.	It means that the fear of strenuous physical jobs made us to become engineers and now we are well placed among many the youth of our family and for this we are thankful to God
I remembered this when I was trying to lift the carpet of my old house along with my two young sons.	I remembered that when I along with my two sons were trying to remove the carpets from our old house.	We remembered this when with out 2 young sons we were trying to lift carpets of old hour.	This we remembered when we were trying to lift carpet from our old house with our two young sons.
It was not half an hour since we started working, that the younger son said "Dad, it looks as if I was not made for this job"	It was only half an hour since he started working that the little boy said " Daddy, I am not born to do this"	Now it hasn't been half an hour while we were working that the small son said "Daddy it seems that I am not born for this job"	It was not even 30 minutes for us working that our younger son said â€œDad it feels like I am not born for this job.
We said, if that is true, then study a lot like us, and free yourself from bodily pain.	I said that if this is true then study a lot like us and get rid of the physical labor.	We said that if so study good like us and build up your body.	We said if it is true then study hard like us and free yourself from physical labor.
The son said that I am studying and will continue studying, but I cannot do this work.	The son said, "I am studying and I will get through it also but it is the work that I can not do"	The son started saying I am studying already, will be studying more but this work is not done by me.	Son started saying that I am studying and will complete my studies but I canâ€™t do this work .
Anyway, the three of us finished that work in three hours and returned.	Whatsoever we did that work in three hours  and came back home.	Any how we three managed to complete the work within three hours and returned home.	Three of us somehow managed to finish the job and got back home.
My purpose of saying this is that if a person has set a goal, whatever be the reason behind it, no one can stop him from achieving his goal.	The point of saying is that if a person picks his destiny, whatever is the reason behind it, no one can stop him from achieving that destiny.	The meaning of saying this is that if a man decides on one destiny then whatever comes afterward will not stop him to accomplish his destination.	What it means is that when a man decides the destination no matter what were the motives behind this no one can stop him from getting it.
But if you do not even know what you have to do, then Allah alone is your protector.	Here if you do not know what you have to do then God help you!	Yes and if you don't really know what you have to do then Allah is the only protector for you.	But if you donâ€™t even know what you have to do then God be with you.
They say that you should not speak bad about the dead, but what can I do, even after one year of Benazir's death, I can only see faults in her.	It is said that do not say bad about the dead. But what shall we do, we see only bad things in Benazir even on her first death anniversary.	There is a saying that never say bad for a dead but what to do, also at the first death anniversary of Benazeer we only see bad in her.	It is said that don't accuse the dead, but can't help it as we see only evils in her on the first anniversary of Benazir.
For personal interests, Benazir handed over the list of Sikhs who were fighting for independence to India, at the same time crushing the Sikhs independence movement and also allowing India to transfer its complete attention to Pakistan, having taken care of the Punjab movement.	Benazir, for her selfish purpose, crushed the independence movement of the Sikhs after giving the list of their names who were fighting for freedom on one hand and on the other gave India the chance to keep its full attention on Kashmir after them helping to suppress Punjab Movement.	Benazeer for her own benefit forwarded to India the Sikhs' army, who were to fight the war of independent. On one side the independent movement of the Sikhs was collapsed and on the other side gave chance for India to concentrate on Kashmir after pushing down the Punjab movement.	On one side Benazir crushed independence movement of Sikhs by handing over the list of Sikh freedom fighters to India for her own sake and on the other hand provided India an opportunity to fully concentrate in Kashmir after crushing the movement in Punjab.
The Russia wars in the regimes of Benazir and Nawaz Sherif have become a part of history, which pushed the country many years back.	Tug of war between Benazir and Nawaz Sharif rule is part of the history, which has pushed the country back many years.	It is the part of the distraction from the leadership of Benazeer and Nawaz Sharif which have pushed the country to many years backwards.	The greed of Benazir and Nawaz Sharif for government is a part of history which pushed the country back for many years.
Benazir continued to speak ill about Kashmir and the atomic program throughout exile.	Benazir continued to give negative comments on Kashmir and the nuclear program after being exiled.	During exile Benazeer continued on keeping the series beneficiary information of Kashmir and Atomic Program.	During her exile Benazir continued to give negative statements on Kashmir and Atomic Program.
Benazir Bhutto struck a deal with Musharraf, going against her London Treaty with Nawaz Sharif	Baenazir went against the pact made with Nawaz Shareef in London by making a deal with General Musharaf	Benazir violated the London agreement with Nawaz Sharif and made a deal with General Musharaf.	Benazir made a deal with Pervez Musharraf while betraying the London agreement with Nawaz Sharif.
Benazir allowed her husband to openly earn money, in her era, which is why he came to be known as Mr. Ten Percent.	During the time of Baenazir's leadership she gave an open hand policy to her family members to earn money, and due to this he got to be known as Mr 10 Percent.	during her rule, Benazir gave a free hand to her husband to make as much money that is why he is known as Mr. Ten percent.	During her reign Benazir provided her husband the opportunity of making money and because of this he popularized as Mr. 10 percent.
In Benazir's era, her brother was killed, and his killer is still not been punished.	In the time of Baenazir her brother got murdered, and his murderers are still at large.	during Benazir's rule his brother got killed but his murderers are still safe from any punishment.	Benazir brother was killed during her reign whose assassins are still safe.
Despite being a woman, Benazir avoided fighting for women rights.	Besides being a woman Baebnazir did not fight for the rights of women.	besides being a woman herself, Benazir avoided fighting for women's rights.	Though a woman still Benazir avoided to fight for the rights of women.
In a way similar to how Benazir did politics on her father's corpse, her widower husband is now doing politics on her corpse.	The way in which Baenazir did politics on her fathers dead body, in the same way her followers are doing politics on the dead bodies of her family.	just like Benazir did her politics over her fathers dead body, similarly her widower is doing the same over her dead body.	Just like Benazir politicized her father's dead body similarly his widower husband politicizing her dead body.
Benazir came to power twice, but let alone bring the people guilty for the political killing of her father to justice, she could not even file a case against them.	Baenazir got to be a leader twice and in that time punishing her fathers murders at one side she didn't even file charges against them.	Benazir came into power twice but she could not punish her the culprits of her father's political murder even she couldn't register a case against them.	Benazir reigned twice but not only she failed to punish her father's political murder but could not file a case against them.
It is 37 years since East Pakistan was separated from us, and look at the height of insensitivity on the part of the public and the rulers, that no one ever mourned or expressed sorrow over their mistakes.	It has been 37 years since the separation of eastern Pakistan, and sadly no leader condemns this day nor do they call it a black day.	it has been 37 years since East Pakistan separated from us but look at the extreme of senselessness of our people and leaders that we never celebrate the mourning day.	It has been thirty seven years since the separation  of East Pakistan and look at the height of   insensitivity of our people and rulers that neither   did anyone mourn nor grieved over their mistakes on   that day.
We should have been observing 16th December as a day of reflection, and made plans to prevent the re occurrence of such incidents.	It should have been so that we would celebrate this 16th September as a black day, and take steps so such a sad incident never takes place again.	what should have happened instead is that we should have celebrated 16th December as a didactic day and take such measures that this kind of incident don't take place again.	It should have happened that we should look upon 16th   December as a black day and should take appropraite   steps so that this type of accident does not happen   again.
We should have been sending greetings to the people of Bangladesh on this day and been trying to bring them closer to ourselves.	On this day we should have send the Bangali's letters of consolation and tried to bring them closer to ourselves.	on this day we could send greeting to the people of Bangladesh and try to bring them closer to ourselves again.	On that day, we send humanism messages to the people  of Bangladesh and try to bring them closer to us.
The ruler should have opened the Jamudur Rahman commission file and pondered over the causes of separation of West Pakistan, mentioned therein.	Now we look at the reasons why eastern Pakistan was separated.	the rulers would reopen the Hamudur Rehman commission reports and discuss the reasons for the separation of East Pakistan.	Rulers open the file of Mehmood-ul-Rehman Commission  in order to study the reasons for the separation of  East Pakistan.
to help the people who are sick and in trouble in Bangladesh and for their safe return planning and for motivation gifts are sent to them.	He would plan on bringing back the people of Bihar who were stuck in Bangladesh and he would send them gifts to keep their spirits up.	They used to make arrangements to bring back the Bahari's stuck in Bangladesh and send them presents to raise their spirits.	They are making strategies to bring back the Beharis   (ethnic class) stranded in Bangladesh and send them  gifts to encourage them.
we have no feeling, our neighbors get died and we dont even know about it	We have become so insensitive that if someone dies in our neighborhood, we are not even aware of it.	But we lack feelings now. We are not even aware if someone dies in our neighborhood.	But we have become so indifferent that when someone  dies in our own neighborhood we don't  know about it.
we don't  care about brothers and sisters because we are selfish.	We do not care for our brothers and sisters because we have become selfish.	We do not care about our brothers and sisters because we have become selfish.	We are not even concerned about our brothers because  we have become too self-centered.
big crisis get over and we became normal and return to our routines.	A huge calamity can pass by, but the next day we are lost in our day-to-day routine of life.	Even if a great accident occurs, we are busy in our daily routines of life from the next day.	Even after big tragedies we return to our routine  life the next day.
As eastern Germany and western Germany merges together i wish if East and West Pakistan get together.	If only East and West Pakistan could become one again, like East and West Germany became one.	Only if East and West Pakistan could be one together just like East and West Germany was united once again.	Perhaps, like East and West Germany were united, in   the same way, East and West Pakistan will also be  united once more.
we can be one again, if we scarifies for each other and get over with our selfishness.	We can become one again, if we sacrifice a little for each other and leave our selfishness behind us.	We can be one again if we both sacrifice for each other and come out of the hole of selfishness.	We can still be united if we are prepared to make   sacrifices for each other and come out of the crust   of selfishness.
This wish (dream) cant seem to come true in near Future.	But this wish does not look like it will be fulfilled in the near future.	But this wish does not seem to be granted in the near future.	But this wish does not seem to be fulfilled in the   near future
Today in new it was said that Governor of  illinois is arrested for corruption.	Today, when it was announced in the news that the governor of American state Illinois was caught on corruption charges	When it was announced in the news today that the Governor of the American State Illinois was arrested for corruption charges	Today when it was told in the news that Governor of American State Illinois has been arrested for charges of corruption
to remove him from the office of Governor, State Congress is preparing to start trial against him as soon as possible. one of our friend who has keen eye on the current affairs of Pakistan proudly said that this is democracy.	and that he would soon be brought to account for removal from Governorship by the state congress, an American white friend of mine, who had deep insight into the situation in Pakistan, he told us, showing off, look this is called democracy.	and when the State Congress started getting ready to remove him from the position of the governor as soon as possible, then there is this one American companion who has a close watch on the circumstances of Pakistan, boastfully claimed to us that this is what we call democracy.	and to remove him from governorship provincial Congress is preparing for his rapid accountability, our American friend who has a keen interest in Pakistani affairs exaggeratedly said to me 'see this is democracy'.
In USA Every man is equal under Law.	In America, no gigantic figure is beyond the law.	In America, even the higher level people can not transcendence the law.	No one is beyond the law in America.
And there is your country, whose president was made after he had the corruption charges dropped.	and there is your country Pakistan whose president has been elected after dropping of corruption charges.	And the other is your country, Pakistan, where even the President was chosen after the corruption charges against him were dropped.	and here is your country Pakistan whose president was dropped of the corruption charges before sworn in.
we felt our nerve of wit and said that what if a governor was arrested in America,in our Pakistan once our prime minister was arrested during the night and was hanged and the other time was exiled.	my sense of humor woke and I said that what's wrong if a governor got arrested in America, in Pakistan, once we arrested the Prime Minister overnight and hanged him and the second time we exiled one.	My vein of loyalty throbbed and I said what is the big deal if a governor was arrested in America. In our Pakistan, once the Prime Minister was arrested and hanged overnight, and another time sent into exile.	My sense of humor rouse and I said what's strange if a governor has been arrested in America, in our Pakistan prime minister was arrested overnight and once was hanged and second time was exiled.
Tell me if anything like this has happened in America?	tell me when it happened in America?	Tell me, when did this happen in America?	Tell me, has it ever happened in America?
Pakistan awarded guard of honor and bid farewell from the president house who broke the law of the country. Tell me if anything like this has happened in America?	Pakistan sent off the lawbreaker with guard of honor from the presidency, tell me when did such thing happened it America?	In Pakistan, those who broke the law were sent out of the presidential palace with a guard of honor. Tell me when this happened in America.	In Pakistan the country law breaker has been departed from President House with guard of honor, tell me has it ever happened in America?
Chief Justice of Pakistan was laid off in such a way that even after nations support, he has yet not reinstated. Tell me if anything like this has happened in America?	In Pakistan, the Chief Justice was suspended in such a way that besides the public support he has not be restored so far, did it ever happened in America?	The Chief Justice of Pakistan was removed in such a manner, that despite having public support, he could not be replaced until now. Has this happened in America?	In Pakistan Chief Justice has been dismissed as despite of public support he is not reinstated yet, has this ever happened in America?
In Pakistan, fake degree holder was appointed as health minister, Tell me if anything like this has happened in America?	Holder of a fake degree was made the minster for health in Pakistan, did it ever happen in America?	In Pakistan, a fake-degree holder was made the Minister of Health. Did this happen in America?	In Pakistan fake degree holder has become the Health Minister, did this happen in America?
After listening to this, poor American could not stop laughing and also accepted defeat.	after hearing all this the American went down laughing and then conceded defeat.	Hearing this, the American laughed till he was tired and conceded defeat.	By hearing this American laughed like mads and also accepted his defeat.
In this picture, President Zardari is smiling even after being surrounded by Americans from all sides.	in this picture, president Zardari is smiling despite of being surrounded by the Americans from all four sides.	In this picture, President Zardari is smiling, despite being surrounded on all four sides by Americans.	In the picture, despite being flanked by Americans from all sides, President Zardari is smiling.
It seems from his smile	it looks from his smile	It seems from his smile that	From his joy it looks like
that America is with his government. But he is forgetting that last year the same people was with Parvez Musharaf.	He is thinking that America is supporting his government but he is forgetting that a year ago they were with Pervez Musharaf.	he thinks that America is with his government. He is forgetting that one year ago, they were with Pervez Musharraf.	He thinks that the Americans are with his government. What he forgets is that these same people were with Musharraf a year before.
Thus psychotherapy gained popularity.	This picture was passed on, as if it was of some family.	the picture look like a picture of Family	This picture has been taken as it was a family gathering
Whether there is madness in method or method in madness, there is certainly a method in dealing with madness.	Previously, such a photo was never printed in newspapers before, i.e. one president with three American agents.	before that no picture as such has been published in which President is with 3 American authorities	A photo like this was never published in the papers before; one president with three American officials.
That said, mental health care has come a long way from merely addressing dementia to dealing with problems such as stress, depression, anxiety and relationship problems.	It seems as if America's work in Pakistan has increased and now more than one agent was needed to complete it, or that they did not trust the new slave as they trusted the first one.	Look like that America's work has been increased in Pakistan and one and more Authorities are working on it or they might not believe that person as compared to the first one.	It seems the American involvement in Pakistan has increased and more than one official is needed to do the job; or they are not relying on their new puppet the way they relied on the one before him.
When she finished her MA in counseling psychology from Columbia university.	It is also possible that this was done keeping in mind the notoriety of President Zardari breaking his promises.	it might possible that they have planned also this, keeping in mind the nature of President Zardari promise fulfillment.	This could also have been arranged keeping in mind the stories of President Zardariâ€™s breach of commitments.
The center offers support services for depression, anxiety,stress, learning problems,personality. deficiencies	If it was a smart ruler, at least he would not have shown his teeth in this photo, and he would have at least seemed ashamed of the neckband of slavery that he was sporting.	if there would any intelligent Politician than there would be atleast not smiling in this picture and his face should show some Embarcement	If it had been a sensible ruler, at least he would not have been grinning during the photo session and he would have had a subservient and embarrassing look on his face.
Material problems and workplace issues.	If the rules of democracy are implemented on this photo, President Zardari is in minority.	if Democracy principle applied on this picture than President Zardari is in Minority	If the principle of democracy is applied on this picture then Present Zardari is in minority.
It also offers employee assistance programs for corporates.	According to democracy, the majority are the rulers of the country, and the photo is speaking for itself who that is?	According to Democracy, Majority is the ruler of Nation and who are they picture is showing	In democracy, majority rules the country and the picture reveals the actual rulers.
There are enough opportunities in the fields of counseling and psychotherapy.	Paradise-like Swat is also called the Switzerland of Pakistan.	Heaven like Swat of Pakistan is also known as Switzerland.	The scenic Swat valley is also called the Switzerland of Pakistan.
Traditionally both roles were played by psychiatrists, who not only counseled patients.	According to the government tactic so far, along with force, discussions have been going on.	till now, according to Government Policy, cross talks are also going along with the power use	The governmentâ€™s policy so far is to engage in talks besides the use of force.
Research has revealed that there are conditions which can be cured without medication.	But the use of force is not giving any benefit other than increasing the force of the Taliban and increasing the public favor for them.	but power use is resulting in increase power of Taliban and increasing sympathy for Taliban among people beside that it is not providing any benefits	But the use of force is achieving nothing other than strengthening the Taliban and increase in public sympathies for them.
It is required that the government finish the causes of this problem, rather than use force.	what needs to be done is that the government, instead of using the power, should eliminate the causes of the issue.	Instead of using power, government should find out the real causes of the problem.	What is needed of the government is to address the root cause of this menace instead of using force.
By finishing the causes, Fazlullah and the Taliban will be finished themselves.	by eliminating the causes Fazlullah and Taliban will automatically finish.	Fazalullah and Taliban will dissolve into nothingness if the root causes are terminated.	With the root causes addressed, Fazalullah and Taliban will die out themselves.
The proposed Shariah bill of the ANP government will become a moderate solution to the problems in Swat.	the Sharia bill proposed by ANP will become the solution of the problems of Swat to a great extent.	The Shariat bill suggested by the                                                                 The Shariat bill suggested by the ANP administration will, to a great extent, bring a solution for the problems in Swat.              a	The Shariat Bill by the ANP government will help to address the problem to a great extent.
But alongside the establishment of the Shariah, the government will also have to take care of economic problems.	But besides implementation of the Sharia, the government will have to give more attention to the economical issues.	But, in addition to the observance of the Shariat law, the administration will take care of the well being of the people.	But the government must address the financial problems in addition to the implementation of Shariat.
From General Musharraf's initial few steps, it looked as if the nation would be freed of useless politicians, but the love for power changed all his plans.	from the early steps of General Musharaf, it looked like the nation has got rid of the incompetent politicians, but the lust of power changed all his plans.	The actions of General Musharaf made us believe that we had been made free from the unqualified politicians of the land. But, his ambition for more power changed everything.	General Musharraf, the rights that his aches that this nation diagonal scientists have activity will be rid of the power, but those who has the intention of changing the interview with CNN
Whatever expectations were, after joining the 'war of terror', he began to consider himself irremovable.	all the hopes were from the participation in the "war of terror", he had started considering himself as immortal.	How many expectations were there! He lost all hopes in "war and terror".	He also to the amadein
And whatever steps were expected were no more.	those steps which were expected, all broke-off.	Hopes of taking actions were lost.	The expected actions and the steps arranged was end
Just as Bush's rule began to close, he started to worry about the end of his own rule, and he struck a deal with thieves in the dark.	as soon as Bush's era came close to an end he started worrying about the end of his rule and in that bewilderment, he made a deal with the thieves.	It seemed that he understood that the end of his reign was imminent along with the end of Bush administration. As a result, thieves were recruited to power centres.	When the rule of Bush  was at an end he was scared and he started dealing with theives
Even then, General Musharraf could have commanded the army, but the present government does not even know what is happening.	Even then General Musharaf could control the Army but never know what's happening to the present government.	General Musharaf was in a position to control the army. But the present administration does no know what is happening.	General Musharraf, the army had to control, but the present Government not only to what is the.
Whether in Bajod or Swat, the army cannot control terror, and instead they bomb the 'enemy', i.e. the public. Apart from loss of life and money, if they are making the 'enemy' psychologically ill, then we are the enemies, aren't we?	Either its Bajor or Swat, the army does not control terror but bombs the "Enemy" public; along with loss of lives and wealth if you make the enemy a mentally sick, then aren't we the Enemy.	The army could not put down the terror in Baajodoh and Swat. The commoners are subjected to "bombardments and enmity" i.e, creating great loss to lives and properties. It also puts them into psychological disorder.	If it was Bajaur, or Swat the terror was uncontrollable by army.
The conditions in the  terrorism struck area Swat in the Frontier Province are continuously deteriorating in spite of continuous Army action in the area	Despite the military operation in Swat, a war-torn area of NWFP, things are getting worse.	In Swat, the strongly affected part of Sarhad state, despite the continuity of military action for over one year, the situation is still going from bad to worse.	Translation of the first sentence goes here.
On the one side the governments writ in the area is restricted to the extent of just getting the condemnation resolution passed from the National Assembly and on the other side the effect of Taliban's unlawful radio is increasing everday in Swat.	On one hand the writ of GOVT is limited to a resolution of condemnation passed by National assembly while on other hand the influence of Taliban's FM channel is increasing in swat.	On one side, the government is only reiterating the passing of a reproachful resolution in the national assembly. On the other side, the Taliban's illegal radio FM channel is having much more influence in the region.	Translation of the second sentence goes here.
On the third side the common folk consider it safe to listen to those who are in control of the area.	The common citizen has no choice but to obey the rule of power.	On the third side, the common man considers it safest to listen to the one who actually has control over the region.	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 1353
The security forces claim killing many extremists during Gunship Helicopter attacks and Artillery Bombardment but in spite of these killings the Taliban's has not only gained strength but according to estimate they have established their control over eighty percent of Swat.	In swat security forces have used lethal weapons and have claimed to kill many extremists. But despite these causalities, Taliban's Power is rising. They are controlling nearly 80% area of Swat.	During the action of the security forces, there were claims of destroying the fundamentalists by the bombing of gun ship helicopters and cannon houses, but despite these destructions, the Taliban only became more powerful, and according to an estimation, their control over Swat increased that much percent more.	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 1354
The result is that on the one side the government is not ready to accept its defeat and on the other hand the Taliban has established their hold.	Result: GOVT is not accepting its failure and Talibans are getting stronger	As a result, on the one hand the government is not ready to accept defeat, and on the other hand the Taliban is stronger.	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 1355
In between who got grinded, the poor citizens.	The poor citizen is the only looser.	Who is stuck in  between? The poor civilians.	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 1356
It is said that in Swat somebody asked, which type of people are the Taliban's are? The answer was  "very good people because they are the custodians of the religion and they are fighting a war against the enemies of the country".	"how are the Talibans" asked by someone in Swat. It is answered as "They are very good; they are fighting the war against the enemies of God"	It is said in Swat, that someone asked what kind of people are the Taliban were, so he got the answer, 'They are very good, as they are protectors of the religion and they fight against the enemies of Allah and the religion'.	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 1357
Then asked how is Army, the answer was that the Army is very good since they protect the country and they fight with the enemies of the country.	Then asked about the army. Answer was "very good, it is fighting against the enemies of our country"	Then he asked how the army was, so he got the answer, 'They are very good, as they are the protectors of the country and they fight against the enemies of the country'.	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 1358
Then it was asked, who are the enemies of religion and country, the answer was "the citizens"	Who are the enemies of religion and country? "The poor citizens", it was answered.	He then asked who the enemies of the religion and the country were, so he got the answer, 'We civilians'.	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 1359
I am astonished, how the Pakistan Army will fight with the Indian Army, while it is unable to control a small group of Taliban's.	I am greatly astonished, how the Army of Pakistan will fight against Indian Army. It has failed to  control a small group of Talibans.	I am wondering how the Pakistani Army will fight the Indian Army, when they couldn't control a small faction of the Taliban.	I'am afraid that pakistani millitary is unable to controll a small group of taliban from entering in there country then how can they fight with india
They could not track the illegally set up FM channel of the Taliban, which I believe was very easy.	They are unable to track the illegal FM radio channel of Taliban. I think that can easily be tracked.	Could not track down Taliban's illegally operated FM channel which in my opinion is very easy.	They are unable to track the non-juduicial F.M channel which is running by taliban,according to me that is very easy.
But still, the FM channel is spreading poison with all vigor.	This FM radio is strongly propagating the agenda of hatred and terror.	But still FM was spreading hatred in full swing.	Then also they didnt took any action against taliban's illegal F.M channel which is spreading poison all over the country or  ruining their country with the help of that channel
After the girls schools, now boys schools are being destroyed.	After the girls school, now they are demolishing the schools for boys.	After girls schools now boys schools are being destroyed.	After closing the girls schools now they are closing the boys schools too.
Curfews are called so that the Taliban can move around easily.	curfew is imposed to facilitate the taliban's movement	Curfew is imposed so that tablibans can move around easily.	They order curfew because talibans can move easily or proceed easily.
During curfew tonight, eight trucks entered the outskirts of Mengorah and formed barriers.	Today night during curfew, they have made new bunkers in the nearby areas of Mangora.	Tonight 8 trucks entered the suburbs of Mingora during curfew and created bunkers.	Today at night during curfew eight turcks, during curfew they entered  mangora's environ and ENTRENCHED them.
The question arises as to how they got there despite the curfew.	Question arises, how did they reach there during curfew?	The question is that how could they reach there during curfew.	Now the question raises that after being curfewed  then how the talibans entered in .
The army could kill Akbar Bugti in his house, but salutes the Taliban.	If Army can kill Akbar bugti in a cave, why taliban can't be targeted.	Army could kill Akbar Bugti in his house and salutes Taliban.	The Army can kill Akber bagdi at his home but they given salami to taliban
For God's sake, can someone explain to the army to save the poor public from the grip of the Taliban and prove that the Army can defeat any enemy.	For God's sake, Army should take actions to free the helpless people of Swat from the brutal occupation of Taliban. This will improve the image of Pakistan Army.	For God sake someone tells this Army to protect helpless people of Sawat from Taliban and prove that Pakistan army can overcome any enemy.	For god sake can anyone make then understand that  help the helpless people of SWAT and release them from the talibans army and prove that pakistani army is strong enough to take action against any one of his enemy.
You say that mostly blood is spilled in the world because of religion. Tell me today, if there was no religion, would all this killing not take place?	He has said that religion is the reason of bloodshed; kindly tell me if it would be a peaceful world without any concept of religion?	He says that most of the blood is spilt in the name of religion, tell me that if religion was not then blood wouldnt have spilt?	He says, maximum bloodshed has been done on the base of religion, you tell me in the absence of any religion wont bloodshed occur?
Are Punjabi, Pathan, White, Black, Mahsood and other tribes the result of religion?	If religion divides us on ethnic , linguistic and regional basis?	Punjabi, Pathan, White and Blank, Mehsood and other tribes, are these the products of religion?	Punjabi, Pathan. white and black, Mehsud and other tribes, are all these created by religion?
No, sir, no way! Only religion teaches that there is no black and white, there is no Punjabi and no immigrant. If it were not for religion, then half of the world would have been destroyed in fights between the white and the black, and the rest of the people would have drowned in tribe-brotherhood hatred.	No! No way! Sir, religious is what teaches that no one is black or white, punjabi or muhajir otherwise if religion was not present, then half world would have vanished for the war between white and black and other half fighting over the status and sect.	No not at all.A religion teaches that there is no white no black, there is no Punjabi no immigrant.If there was no religion then people would have destroyed each other and other things in the battle of black and white.	Not at all, sir, religion preaches us that there is no white, black, Punjabi or Muhajir, if there is no religion then half of the world would have been destroyed by the war of black and white and remaining half by the war of cast.
Actually, only religion trains man's character and restricts him, as he has not come here on his own will, but rather the Creator of all that exists sent him here, and he must live here according to His commands.	Actually, religion gives moral teachings to the man. And binds him that he is not here on his own choice but the creator of the universe has sent him here. And he should spent his life according to his rules.	The religion only teaches the man how to be disciplined and mannered.Religion only shows the man that he has not come by himself instead he has been created by the Supreme Power God and He has sent you in this world to lead a life as per His orders.	Actually religion nourishes human morally and restricts him that he is not here at his own rather is sent by The Creator of Universe and he has to live by God's rules.
As a Muslim, I am completely convinced that Islam is a complete way of life and the true religion.	As a muslim, I have total faith that Islam is complete way of life and a true religion.	Being a Muslim iam very sure that Islam is a complete religion  and moreover it is a true religion.	As a Muslim I believe that Islam is true religion and a complete code of life.
After settling down in London, every morning I would first call my relatives and ask them how they were. Most of them had never called me to find out how I was doing, and I then realized that they do not like me calling them either, so I stopped calling them.	After living in London, for many years I used to ask wellness of my family over the telephone every morning. Although many did not even call once to find out how we were. Then I realized that they do not even tolerate our phone calls so we stopped calling.	Even after the time i acquired the luxuries in London, I continued to call up my relatives on every morning to find out about their good and bad.Even though my relatives never bothered to call me ever in my life. But still i continued to do so. But the time when i felt that my relatives dont even like my calling them, i stopped making calls to them ever after.	After moving to London, I used to call my relatives back home every single morning, although they never called us even once. Then I realized they were inconvenienced by our calling as well, so we stopped.
Living here in France, for two years, I also felt the same way.	Living here in France for the last two years, I have also felt the same thing.	Even i have felt the same here since i have spent my two years of life in France.	After living in France now for two years, I feel the same way.
I do not know why people only expect us to call.	Do not know why people expect us to call.	Why people keep expectation only from us to make a phone call to them in Patna.	I don't know why people always expect us to call them.
A resolution about Iraq, passed in a few hours, to send a 'peace' force to Darfur is not at all a problem.	A resolution passed about Iraq in a few hours, Darfar has absolutely no problem in sending peace army.	About Iraq, within a few hours there would be an Army sent for the "peace" in the Darfar. This is not a problem for them.	Resolution about Iraq passed in a few hours, sending UN peace force to Darfur is not a problem.
Immediately criticizing the Mumbai attacks and restricting suspected groups is a matter of a few hours.	Bombay attacks were condemned in no time and banning dubious groups is only a matter of a few hours.	The post action after the Mumbai Blasts and the security in the areas are a matter of few hours.	Immediate condemning Mumbai battacks and restricting suspected groups can be done in few hours.
And where there is a matter of death, we are still holding meetings about that.	And where death is dancing, we are doing consensus.	There are discussions and opinions on the matter where there are more risk to death in the areas of Mumbai through any sources.	And we are negotiating while death is revolving at our heads.
O upholders of world peace, life is finishing over here.	O caretakers of international peace! life is finishing here!	Hey you the Protectors and leaders of the Peaceful world the life is being ended here only in the discussions.	O' world peace claimers!Life is ending here.
Is it for real that every one is waiting for its end?	Is the wait really going on for it to finish?	is it really being waited to diminish.	If that really awaited for it's ending.
So that no other victim will even think about using a great damage causing weapon like a sling shot to fight for his rights?	So that some oppressed person would not even be able to think about using some mass destruction weapon like ill will to obtain their right?	so that any again no aggrieved could even think about using a weapon of mass destruction like the stonebow to gain his own rights.	So that no more victim can even imagine to use a weapon of mass destruction like catapult to have his  due rights.
Doesn't your hear ache even when a father is running holding his son's dead body?	When a father is running around holding the corpse of his son, even then a small wave of sorrow does not arise from any part of your heart.	when a father is running carrying his beloved sons dead body, even then your hearts don't pinch you with pain?	When a father keeps running taking the dead body of his beloved son,even then you don't feel any pain in your heart?
If no, then you have no right to be called a human being.	If not, you have no right to be called a human.	If not then you don't even deserve to be called human being.	If no,then you are no one to be called a human being.
But you are a shame to the name of humanity.	Rather you are a black spot on the name of humanity.	but you are a black mottle over the name of humanity.	Instead a blot on the humanity.
At least this was proven that this area was also Israel's country for thousands of years.	OK, this was proved that this area was also the home of the Israelis for thousands of years.	so atleast this has been proven that this region has also been a homeland for Jews for centuries.	It has been proved that this area is from thousands of years is also Israelis country
What should happen is that both the nations should live together happily and with love but since they are controlled by the west and arab countries, therefore peace can not be formed here with out their consent.	Ideally, these two tribes should have lived happily together with love and affection, but since their strings are in the hands of the western and Arab countries, therefore peace is not possible without their will.	ideally these two nations should have lived in harmony but since their strings are in Western and Arab hands, so without their will peace can not prevail in this region.	It should happen that both of the groups should compromise with each other and live in peace but as their relations are in the hands of Arab and western countries, hence without their approval there would be no peace.
But even Iran wants to fight its proxy war here now.	Rather, now even Iran wants to fight a proxy war from here.	and now even Iran wants to fight its proxy war from here.	Moreover Iran also wants to fight its proxy war from here.
Even if operations in Israel are stopped for the time being, they will start again after some other incident.	Even if Israeli action has stopped for a while, it will start again after some incident.	even if the Israeli operation stops temporarily, it will start again any moment after any incident.	If Israel stops for meantime, then again for some reasons after a while it will start.
The interest of BBC's country is subject to the bestowing of America and Israel. And this is the reason why in the name of "enlightenment", they have come with a series of blogs based on "darkness" and doing one-way and a blind propaganda.	The interest of the owner of BBC is associated with serving America and Israel, and this is why in the name of 'enlightenment' it has come out with a series of Zionist favoring blogs, and is doing a biased and blind propaganda.	BBC's own country has its interests related to America and Israel and this is why while taking cover of enlightened moderation, it has started a series of blogs or Jewism and doing a biased propaganda.	The interests of BBC homeland are affiliated to America and Israel and this is why under the wrapper of 'broadmindedness' it has produced a series of blogs consisted of 'Jewish favor' and is conducting one sided and blind 'propaganda'.
BBC is just doing formality and to gain sympathy is their only purpose and wish!	What BBC doing is  just a formality. Primary objective is to earn sympathies.	BBC is only completing a formality, and its goal and intent is only to gather well wishes.	BBC is only carrying the 'formality' and its objective is to have sympathies!
mr moderator is requested that he may publish the commentry by this humble soul so that one can guess BBC still has some integrity left.	I request the moderator that the commentary of applicant should be published to show that BBC still have some respect for facts.	I request the moderator to publish this comment of Fidwi, so it be known that at least a little bit of affinity towards truth is still remaining in BBC	It is requested to Mr. Moderator that he must publish this review so that it may be proved BBC has element of realism to some extent.
Thankyou.	Thanks	Thank You.	Thanks.
who knows about the author and the origin of this story but the fact remains, in every era draculas have fed on innocent blood.	I don't know how this story was imitated but one is sure that dracolla of every age is thirsty of human blood.	I don't know who wrote this story or how this story came to being, but one thing is for sure, in every age, draculas have been drinking the blood of innocent people.	What is not write a story, But how do you have emerged in her every time it is certainly in the Dracula innocent lives in blood,.
Every era has seen war as well as blood shed.	There were wars and bloodshed in every era of history.	In every age, wars have been fought and blood has been spilled.	In every time and are being wars and every time blood is running.
surprisingly twenty first century man who considers himself very civilized is silent over this murder done publically in the day light.	It is strange that man of 21st century, which claim more civilized, does not show any concern over open bloodshed.	But the surprising thing is that this 21st century man, who considers himself civilized, is quiet over this ruthless open massacre.	But this is his son 21st century of the human that it is very civilized agree to how do you Day is a common shouting and head of the murder of the quiet,
how can he not realize that whatever is happening is showing the ugliest face of humanity	How does he not feel that what is happening around is a distorted/worst face of humanity.	How could I not feel that whatever is happening is presenting a very ugly picture of mankind.	How do you feel this isn't going that he is a bad best T photo: Graham as it is back.
	The most tragic aspect: how the current face of civilized man will present the concept of humanity to next generations.	The most disturbing and sad part, is what kind of picture will this dark side of cultured man present to another man coming in the next century.	Sorry, nose and tragic aspect of this is that you come downstairs?'Â®-qualified human aspect of the century coming from the front of the human ' and he will be made.
well wisher, Sajjad ul Hasnain, Hyderabad Dakan	well wisher, Sajjad ul Hasan, Hayderabad dakan.	Well wisher, Sajjad Alhasnain, Hyderabad, Deccan	Always being beauty of Hyderabad Deccan
At this time along with Dera Ghazi Khan, in whole country winter rains are goin on.	At the moment in Dera Ghazi khan and in other parts of the country, it is raining.	At this time, including Derah Gahzi Khan, summer showers are taking place throughout the country.	This time it is with Dera Ghazi Khan, the country with the heavy rains of the winter season.
Presented is a poem according to the season. Enjoy the rain along with this poem.	here is a poem according to the weather, enjoy the weather along with this poem.	A poem on climate is presented to you. May you enjoy the sweet rain when you read this poem.	According to the weather a poem was created in the present discipline mentioning about the rice rain.
These rains are also from you	These rains are with your presence.	It rains just because of you	Do you have this heavy rains too?
which when fell brings spring.	if it rains, its spring	whatever rains is the spring	It has been Bihar in this year.
When it stops there is no movement	if it stays then its peace	whichever comes to a standstill is tranquility	As the stay has really been.
sometimes it came just like that, without a reason.	sometimes comes without a reason	Sometimes comes, with no reason	Never been so like that.
Sometimes it spread day and night.	at times spread over day and night	Often spreads wide in the night hours	The buttermilk has never been good in the night.
sometimes loudly, sometimes silently.	sometimes very noisy and sometimes very quiet	Often quite noisily, often silently	Noise never ever can be the silence.
These rains are also from you	These rains are with your presence.	It rains.. but just because of you	Do you have this heavy rains too?
in some remembrance some night	in a memory, at a night	whichever cherishing memory, whichever night	Remember any night
on some suppressed ashes	to a buried ash	A suppressed music!	It is about the dust buried.
Sometimes we blew out the flames.	Sometimes it was such, that the wind put it out.	Sometimes he put it out	It seems that Israel will never be.
Sometimes we burnt ourselves.	Sometimes it burnt itself.	sometimes he lit himself up	And never burned themselves
Sometimes every drop is like pain.	Sometimes each drop seems sorrowful.	sometimes every drop carries sorrow	The grief was in a gradual.
And these rains are only because of you.	Even these rains are from you.	These rains are quite like you	Do you have this heavy rains too?
All these leaders are going to run away with their briefcases in hand, what do they care about what will happen to the country.	All these rulers are going to run away carrying a suitcase. What is it to them, whether the country lasts or not.	All these leaders are about to run holding a very sensitive case, little do they care if the country survives or not.	All these things in the right to take the country, those people, or in a.
Let the population sell toothpaste or clean the bells of the Mandir with the peels of lemons.	Whether the public sells scrubs or takes lemon peels and scrubs the temple bells with them.	The people should they sell their possessions or be wiping clean the temples with lemon peals.	They also demanded that the people dentifrice or lemon with the crust temples have clearly indicates they are washing with it
And then our media is also fraudulent like our leaders.	For one, our media is also corrupted, like our leaders.	And like our leaders our media is corrupted as well	Also, the leaders of our media, convening forbidden.
The purpose of it is to get money out of the government, and nothing else.	It's goal is only to extract money from the government, and nothing else.	Its sole purpose is to extract money from the government.	His purpose only money from the group and some not.
And as far as the population goes they can remain stupid because talking about them would be an even bigger stupidity.	As for the public, they are ignorant. To speak about them is the biggest ignorance.	And the people are oblivious about this,	People are illiterate, he was talking about it is the biggest ignorance to
Yesterday a strange incident took place.	Yesterday afternoon something surprising happened.	An odd incident took place yesterday noon.	Yesterday noon strange thing happened.
All together police running here and there but not ask on illegal parking	All the police is running here and there but do not check illegal parking.	All police are running here and there, but don't ask about illegal parking.	The whole police was running here and there but was least bothered about illegal parking.
and moreover that NYPD traffic was also not in a mood to look at illegal parked cars.	Moreover traffic nypd was also not in the mood to look at the illegally parked vehicles	What's more, NYPD traffic was not in the state where it could look at illegally parked vehicles.	Not this, NYPD traffic was not in the mood of noticing illegally parked vehicles.
it happened like this that a plane of US Air really became a plane and landed in Hudson river.	It happened that a plane of U.S. Air Force actually became a ship and landed in Hudson River.	Something like this happened, that a plane of the US Air really became a ship and landed in the Hudson river.	What happened was, an airplane of US Air crash landed in the Hudson River.
Till now it is just known this that "Terrorists" relation was with birds race Goose.	Till today only this much is known that the "terrorist" belonged to the family of birds called goose.	Until now, we only now that terrorists are of the descendants of geese.	Till now the only information pulled out was, ""the terrorists"" were of goose breed.
Yesterday was maybe New York's historic cold	Yesterday, perhaps it was historical cold in New york.	Yesterday was perhaps historic cold, in New York.	Yesterday it might be the historic cold in New york.
Temperature do not drop to this degree	The temperature never goes down this much.	The temperature does not fall this much.	The temperature does not fall to this extent.
Me my own jaw is beginning to hurt after half hour of stroll outside.	Pain started in my own jaw, after walking outside for half an hour .	Even my jaws started hurting from my half an hour walk outside.	My jaw start to ache because of half an hour outside walk.
Imagine that what would have happened to those people who jumped from plane in the river.	Imagine what was the condition of those persons who jumped from the plane into the the river.	Imagine, how the people who jumped from the plane into the river would have felt.	Just imagine what would have happened with those who jumped of the plane into the river.
Happy news is that people all together stayed safe	The reason for happiness is that all the person were safe.	It is a matter of happiness that all people were safe.	A matter of relief as all the people were safe.
and sad news is that ship of company sank in this financial crisis.	The reason for concern is that the plane of the company was drowned during the financial crisis.	And it was sad that the companies plane drowned during this financial crisis.	The dark side is that the Company's plane crashed in this financial crises.
I reached New Jersey from west site e way and also saw that south bound is closed and still what have i done?	Seeing all those sites, I reached New Jersey Side from West Side Highway. There I found South Bond closed. What should I do?	I went by West Side Highway to New Jersey, watching all this, and I saw that Southbound was blocked, but what did I still do?	While watching all this I went to New Jersey by West Side Highway. I Noticed that South Bound is blocked, still what I did?
When i was returning i was stuck in traffic.	Coming back I go wedged in the busy street.	Yes, I got stuck in the same rush on the way back.	Yes, I was jammed in it on my way back.
Thank God in my one hour trip i was lucky to find one road to 56th street exit.	Thank Lord! After an hour of hurry, a way was opened to me. I found myself at the exit of street 56.	Thankfully, in my one hour trip, the way had opened at least a bit, so I was able to get the 56th street exit.	Thanks God,during my an hour trip the road was bit cleared as I get an exit from 56 street.
And i didn't see the lines in that exit.	I had not come across the exit first, nor the long lines.	Otherwise, I had not taken the previous two exits, seeing the lines waiting at them.	Otherwise I did not avail the first two exit due to the long lanes of vehicles.
Maki, My Pakistan: Same to you in reply of Eid Mubarak.	Mekki: My Pakistan..! Good greetings. Eid Mubarak to you.	Makki, My Pakistan: Well, Congratulations, Eid Mubarak to you too.	Pakistani: hI buffet, Eid Mubarak to you.
Ammaar: Ofcourse with faith.	Umar: Ofcourse, Faithful.!	Ammar: Of course, believing women	Of course, Some replaces faith in policewomen.
Shagufta: Same to you in reply of Eid Mubarak.	Shugfath: Good greetings..! Eid Mubarak to you too.	Shaguftah: Well, Congratulations, Eid Mubarak to you too.	Blooming: Mubarak, Wish you also Eid Mubarak.
Sara: I sacrificed two chickens and cooked as i know.	Sarah: I have had two chickens. It's a sacrifice. Janzeb will tell you how it was.	Sarah: I have slaughtered two chickens and how they are slaughtered, Jahanzeb has already mentioned.	Sarah: It is like Qurban and jahanzeb are fowl.
I didn't know any other method.	There was no other option. Otherwise, I would have to go to the farm	Apart from this, there is no other way.	Noway in addition to this.
In this farm you have to cook the meat by yourself including removing the chicken's skin	and prepare the meat, skin it off too.	At this farm, one has to get his own meat done,, including removing the skin.	And the form also includes how to make himself meet witout a skin down.
Basam: Dot net could take a time to get right.	Basim: .Net might take some to repair.	Bossom:It may take some time for the Dot Net to get fixed	Cork network in the right time.
what happen on form?	what happened on the forum?	What happened on the forum?	What happened to the forum?
Link.	Linko	Linko	Hello
listen to the blog to give fight back look on to Firefox.	in order to work with Listen to Blog, see it in Fire Fox.	To fight with the "listen to the blog", use Firefox.	The blog allows two hands in the closet.
Deafer: wish you, you too Eid Mubarak.	Duffer: same to you, Eid Greetings to you.	Duffer: Khair Mubarak! Eid Mubarak to you too.	Sources: Khair Mubarak, Eid Mubarak to you.
dear sir use Firefox.	Sir please use Fire Fox.	Sir use Firefox	Head of the cranes are used.
ice will disappear.	the snow will vanish.	Snow till disappear	Snow will disappear.
we considered Taliban group of Swat nonreligious freely. which were only against women education.	we unnecessarily kept thinking of these Taliban of Swat as indelicate but who were only unhappy over women's education.	For no reason, we thought that the Taliban group from Sawat was non religious, who were only against women education.	We thought Talibans as non - related, that there were just in oppose of education for women.
to show this upsetness every day in any plays demolished School and College of woman's.	they kept expressing their grief by demolishing a women's school and college somewhere every day.	They were expressing this irritation by demolishing schools and colleges for women every day.	They show this angerness daily by demolishing scools and colleges of women.
but this thought also went wrong as some other one according to this news of CNN today on holy day of Monday Taliban demolished boys school through dynamite.	but just like other ideas, this idea did not also come true, according to this report by CNN, today on the sacred day of Monday this Taliban gang of Swat have blasted a boy's school.	But like majority of the ideas, this was not proven right also. According to this news of CNN, on the lucky day of Monday, a group of Taliban demolished a Boys school with gunpowder.	But usually this belief is not been streghtened, According to CNN today monday Taliban has demolished a school for boys.
shawat	In Swat,the Taliban pulled down the school of students.	Swat, The Taliban has destroyed a boys school.	South, taliban has demolished boys school
kaiwan	The schools of girls were pulled down first in the cause of famous English school Ladies First and I do not that the people why did not consider Talibab free of crimes.	The girls schools were already destroyed, acting according to the famous English saying "Ladies First". I do not know why people are still bent on calling the Taliban uncultured and barbaric.	Girls Schools according to famous proverb ""Literacy first"" following it was destructed first, Cant understand why people still believe Taliban as irresponsible and nomadic creatures?
aike	It is also known that it is wrong that Taliban are only against the education of girls.	Another thing that becomes clear from this is that the accusation against the Taliban, that they are against girls education, is not true.	from this condition it is clear that it is not proper to quote Taliban as against women literacy.
yaallam	not this but the wonderful that they are against total education.	Rather, Masha Allah, they are against education altogether.	But by gods grace their totally against literacy.
taqat	These freedom fighters are gifted more power and the Devil	May Allah give these Mujahideen more power, and the evil government	Allah the great should give this Mujhahideen more power and rule
maiyin	which is commanding us and he is helped to abolish it.	which is let loose on us, may He help them in uprooting them.	destroying those who rule on us may Allah help them
	Amin after it Amin.	Amen, then Amen.	Ameen Summa Ameen
	Wonderful,120 school have been pulled down yet.	Masha Allah, up till now, 182 schools have been destroyed.	By gods grace till now 182 schools have been demolished.
	The tradition of engagement before birth in Muslims,to marriage with Quran in order to control inherits and the insistence of many mufties that the girl became adult and sensible in 8 years it was not minor it is not only but in India a girl was married with a frog.	The custom of fixing marriages before birth among Muslims, marrying with the Qur'an to collect property, and the statement by many Muftis that the girl becomes intelligent and reaches puberty at the age of eight was not little, that there was the news from India, that a girl was married with a frog.	The Muslims first thing to strong tradition in the name of gather, property from the Quran, married, and the custom of his many of the girl israr eight years old and adult in and was not, to India, with the girl in the marriage, news.
	Sea the pictures pictured on the time of marriage.	See a picture of the bride, taken at the marriage.	See the pictures, that are taken in the grooms marriage
just a while before this, the wedding of a dog with a girl took place.	Sometime before this a girl was married to a dog.	Some days go, a girl's marriage with a dog become fresh.	From on before a dog married a girl which is also freshed
look at that groom.	Lets see that groom.	see that now	They saw the groom too
humanity is still a rarity in the twenty first century.	Humanity has ceased to exist in the twenty first century.	Humanity is rare in 21st century.	Humanity in 21st century is extinguished
it is the era of computers and its involvement is ever increasing in every sphere of life.	This is the time of the computers and their role in our lives is ever increasing.	It is the age of computer. computer has occupied its space in every walk of life.	Today is the age of computer and computer's interference is growing in every aspect of life.
many people have many reservation over this increasing involvement of computer, for example, in financial matters.	A lot of people have reservations on so much dependence on computers in our lives, specially in case of financial or monetary matters.	Many people have objections over interference of computer as its role in financial matters.	Lots of people have many reservations about this growing interference of computer like in financial issues.
where use of credit card bring ease to life, it also gives better control to law enforcement agencies over your private life.	Where there are certain comforts by the use of credit cards on the other hand law enforcement agencies are also getting to know more about you.	Although credit card users have facility but their personal life is under more control of law enforcement agencies.	As you have facilities for using credit cards but by this law enforcement agencies has also firmer grip on your private life.
so now only through your financial matters like through your credit card, you can be located.	That now with just looking at the credit card transactions record your whereabouts can be traced.	Now the record of financial matters can easily be tracked by using credit card.	That just by tracking the record of your credit card you can be exposed.
and in future when use of real currency will reduce to a great extent, its benefits will increase more and more.	and when in the future the use of real paper money will get limited the benefits of plastic cards will increase more compared to today.	In future when usage of currency will become lesser, its importance will increase.	And in future when use of currency will be minimal its utility will increase.
similarly in the world of crimes, instead of playing with the dangers of robbing a bank, the credit card information is stolen.	That is why now in crime it is preferred to steal credit card information rather than looting a bank.	In crime world risk is not taken to rob banks. Now credit card information is stolen.	Similarly in crimes world there is no need to rob the bank, information of credit card are hacked.
similarly computers have become the source of friendship.	Similarly computer has provided means for  friendship or networking.	Similarly friends are also made through computers.	Similarly friendship has become computerized
Social networking websites like orket, face book and my space have the first accepting level.	Social Networking sites like Orkut, Facebook and my space comes in first tear when compared according to popularity.	Social networking sites, like Orkut, Facebook and Myspace are at first level of acceptance.	, social networking websites like Orcet, Facebook and MySpace are ranked first in popularity.
But is it not come to your mind that as we obey these social net works as we are being away from the people in act.	But don't u feel Psychologically  that the more we are accustoming ourselves to social networks we are physically getting away from people.	But do you not think that the more we are following these social networking sites, the further we are getting from people in real life?	But don't you feel that the more closer we are getting of these sites mentally, practically moving further away from people.
So, this way you have been seen your wanted people and their index in the match making website.	Like Match making websites which match your choices to other peoples choices to find similarities and you get a list of such matches.	Similar are the match making websites, where your desires are matched with others desires and you are shown a list of the people who match with you.	Similarly there is the website of match making, where by knowing your choice you are provided with a list of people according to your likings.
Now can you spend your life with a person like you?	Now can you spend your life with a person exactly like you ?	But can you lead a life with a person who is just like you?	Can you spend life with your own cologne (of course not physical)?
I can not spend and for this the wife is also called half body.	I can't, that's why we can compromise of a life partner who is half or partly similar to you.	I can not, and that is why the spouse is called the better half,	I can't do it, that is why a life partner is known as better half.
That she fulfill the un completions i have.	So the lacking of mine can be compensated by the partner.	because he/she will get rid of the faults within me.	That he/she may cover my deficiencies.
I am probably low gifted from mind.	I guess i got a lesser part of intelligence	Perhaps I have got a small share of sense.	Perhaps I received a lesser share of wisdom.
I considered true all the talking from any elder.	Since childhood when ever an elder said anything to me that was the truth for me.	I used to believe everything someone elder says.	From childhood, I thought of everything as being true if it was told by an elder.
And such i had assurance that my father know the answer of every question of the world.	This is how I got to believe that dad has the answer to every question in the world.	In the same way, I thought that my father knew the answer to every question on earth.	In the same way, I was convinced that my father knew the answer to every question in the world.
There was laughed upon me for it.	People used to make a lot of jokes about me on this.	I used to get laughed at a lot for this.	I was even ridiculed a lot on this
But only that seems true which can be possible.	the only thing that look truth is which can be done in real.	But only that saying seemed true which could be possible.	But only that seemed true which was plausible.
It is very troubling, that what is the need to tell lies.	its frustrating,what is the necessity to speak lie	Become much irritation because what was the reason to tell lie?	I was always perplexed at the need of telling a lie.
Even at this age, he was harmed by this.	due to this reason he suffered in this age as well	Bore loss on that saying even at this age	Even suffered in this part of my age because of this
That is why I try to lie as less as possible.	it is always my wish to speak lie as less as i can	So it is my effort to say lie the very least.	So I tried to keep the lies at a minimum.
that I do not falsely please others, that too with the name of Allah.	don't say lie specially in the name of God	Do not misguide someone by lieing and that also by attaching Allah's name.	I refrained from giving false hopes to others particularly with Allahâ€™s name
And that I say Insha Allah (If God Wills) only when I am asking Allah to complete the work.	and say Inshallah only when the prayers is only for the God that he will accomplish it	and Allah willing say only when there is pray to Allah that work completes.	And only say God willing when it was my wish that the work was to be done
As for the intentions, only Allah knows best.	rest God Knows all abut your will	Remaining Allah knows better the state of intention.	Besides Allah knows what is there in the hearts.
This is a despicable matter that arose due to distance from religion.	this is the Only complicated problem due to the distance from  the religion.	This is a disgusting problem which is created due to reason of distance from religion.	This is a disgusting problem which rears its head due to the ignorance of the religion.
According to both our religion and Pakistani law, young children should stay with their mothers.	According to Our Religion and the Law of Pakistan Minor should stay with their Mother.	According to law of both our Pakistan and religion, minor child should stay with mother.	According to both our religion and the law in Pakistan, infants should remain with their mother.
Their expenses are to be borne by the father, and the father can meet his children.	there expenses are on the father and father can meet them.	Their expense is due to their father and father can meet with children.	Their father is responsible for their maintenance allowance and he can meet them.
then when they become mature, they live with whom they wan to live.	Then when the kids get mature, they can live with anyone they want.	Then when the child becomes of age, he or she can stay with whomever they will.	Then when the kids become mature they can decide with whom they want to live.
You are right that the actual problem are the relatives who misguide.	You have rightly said about the misunderstandings relatives create.	You rightly mentioned that the actual problem is that of the relatives who mislead.	You have mentioned correctly that the real problem is the relatives who poison the minds.
feudalism has overshadowed our deeds.	Our behavior is over taken by feudal thinking	Possessiveness is present in all our actions.	Jagirdar thinking on all of our deeds exercises.
Even here is thinking is prevailing that there will be more partners in father's property so it is resisted, although this act of the father is commendable should be imitated.	Ever here this way of thinking is working that new co-sharers will be born in father's property and this is where the opposition is shown. Otherwise their father's this behavior is worth praise and pursuance.	It is this very factor in effect over here, that there will be new shareholders in the father's property born, and they will go against him. Otherwise his fathers action is commendable.	Thinking the same thing here working in the property of the father, a new parts and will be opposed the same otherwise his father, the process is commendable and counterfeiting.
here these restriction regarding making of relations have created many evils in the society.	With reference to relationships, these forceful affiliation has created evil in our society.	These restrictions have caused social evils, even in our marriages.	Our relationship with the spasm establishments was created the Social abuses.
concept of remarriage of a divorced or a widow is getting rare.	Concept of marriage of a divorced or a widow is ending.	The concept of the marriage of a divorced woman or a widow has become obscure.	Related  widow and the concept of marriage is scarce.
due these unnecessary beliefs and tradition the family system is facing disarray.	These absurd beliefs and baseless traditions are the reason family breakups.	It is these wasteful ideologies and baseless traditions that have made the family structure a mess.	The same unessential beliefs and traditions are being due to the anxiety family system.
in our society, if a wife of a 50 or 55 years old man dies or a husband of wife passes away and they remarry, then why it is not appreciated?	In our society, if wife of a 50-55 year old man or husband of a woman goes to the next world and he marries again, why is he not respected?	In our society, if the wife of a 50-55 year old man or the husband of such a wife passes away, why are they not looked at in a nice manner?	In our societies if a 50-year-old person or the wife of his wife, her husband if left forward and they should take a second marriage,then why the people didn't see with a good thought.
there is a Pakistani uncle near us whose wife died a good 10 or 12 years ago, now after getting all his children married when he married a widow, his own children have gone against him.	There is a Pakistani uncle living close to us, his wife passed away around 10-12 years ago. Now after all his children got married, he married a widow, for which his kids have turned against him.	Near us, there is a Pakistani uncle, whose wife passed away 10-12 years ago. Now, after marrying off all his children, he has married a widow, so even his children have gone against him.	A Pakistani uncle near to his wife, 10 to 12 years ago were passed away, now all children after their  marriages the uncle too got married to a widow woman ,but his childrens were against them.
In my opinion, this is religious right, what do you say?	In my point of view, it is their religious right, what do you say?	I believe this is his legitimate right. What do you say?	In my opinion they have the right? what would be ur opinion?
Until we are alive we will never accept that any one else can take the place of my mother, is this kind of thought is a thought?	"To take place of our mother in the being of our mother" what kind of thinking?	What type of mentality is the 'while we are there, no one can take our mother's place', kind of mentality?	In my opinion,being alive as her children no one can take the place of our mother we cant tolerate it..like this how many of us believe in this  type of thinking!!!
In my view Sirs children has to think that, if after doing the Marriage of all the children, he him self has married to a widow women, so is that any thing wrong he has done?	According to my thinking his sons should thik that what did he done wrong when he married with widdow after the merriage of children?	I believe that this persons children should have thought what is wrong if he married a widow, after he married off all his children?	In my opinion the children of this person should think that after having married all the kids, is there anything wrong in his marrying a widow?
In this way this widow women has also got some support and that uncle will also get some one to take care of the home (homemaker)	By this that widdow got a helper and he got a person to manage his home.	Thereby, this widow also got support and the uncle also got someone to look after the house.	This way the widow gets a caretaker and uncle also gets someone who will take care of his home.
Because that is for sure that his children got busy in there own personal life and they are not giving him time	Because his sons and daughters engaged in their life and will not care him.	As the children would definitely have gotten busy in their own worlds and would not be able to give time to him.	Because his children would certainly be busy in their worldly affairs and would not be having time for him.
Reason for this is unknowledgeable	Its reason is lack of knowledge.	The reason for this is ignorance.	The reason behind this is ignorence.
If tomorrow there wifes refuses to serve that old man then what will he do?	Tommorow if their wifes denayed to serve him then what will he do?	Tomorrow if their wives refuse to look after them, when they are old, what will they do?	In future what if their wives refused to work for the old man?
This result is because of Societies pressure	It is the result of the stress of society.	This is a result of the force of society.	This is the outcome of the social pressure.
When People will laugh on this activity and on there Family then children will feel ashamed on second marriage of there father	When the people laugh on such family at such action so the sons denay the second merriage.	When people begin to make fun of such a family for doing something like that, children start to feel ashamed of their father's second marriage.	Childeren feel ashamed on the second marriage of their father when people make jokes of such family on this action.
Actually they have to defend the situation stating there father has done this according to Islam view	Although we should compete such situation that their father's doing was according to Islam.	Though they should face the environment and say that their father's action is in perfect accordance with Islam.	Where as they must face the circumstances and say that what their father did,it was just according to Islam.
This is one of the curses on our society like we are totally into Venery in past 40-50 years	It is a curse in our society we are caught in it from 40 to 50 years.	This is the curse of our society, which we are facing for the last 40-50 years.	This is a curse in our society in which we are sunk since last 40 to 50 years.
It is acceptable for a wife that her husband does unlawful actions but she does not let him marry another woman.	The feeling of a wife is, her husband can do lots of bad things whatever it may be, but he doesnot has the marry again	A wife can accept her husband going around having illicit relations, but she cannot stand him having a second wife.	Even a wife is agreed on the unethical activities of her husband but does not allow her for second marriage.
If its in her power, she will not let him do so even after she dies.	if she has the potency she will try even after her death	If possible, stop him from doing so, even after you die.	If she had the power She wont allow him of this even after her death.
Destroys her afterlife along with her husbands'.And also lets spreading of the immorality in the society.	Along with her husband, she also losing the life after death, and she is one for the evils things in the environment	She destroys her husband and her own hereafter, and becomes a cause for spreading filthiness in the society.	Along with husband spoils her afterlife too and causes an increase in corruption in society.
Nothing happens with singing about Islam. We actually like what our traditions and cultures are.	Saying Islam, Islam from the mouth does not do any thing, we like the thing which are there in rituals	Chanting Islam, Islam does not mean anything. In reality, we like only our culture and traditions.	The customs of US and Islamabad are not really the same as said by the tourists
For example, keeping girls from getting education and fear of love marriage.	like, demotivation for the girls education, and love marriage, etc.,	For instance keeping girls  from gaining education and fearing marrying the girl of ones choice.	Like that of the the culture of the girls, education, marriages etc.
And about your question, when sir instead of bringing his wife home, goes to someone else's wife so the dependents just make a fuss for the show and stay quiet and satisfied. ( yeah, later the relatives of the wife get angry)	now your Question is, if the big brother rather bringing the widow to his home, he might have went to her home itself, then there will no querrals from his children, (they quarrel may be in the widows children)	As for your question about the old man going to the widows house instead of bringing the widow to his house, so that the children could make some fuss and then become quiet and relax, (though the stomach of the widows children would hurt).	The question is that, the widow of the house have a abdominal contraction again.
In the Indian subcontinent, we accepted Islam centuries ago but we could not let go of this illiterate thinking and always thought of culture and tradition as more valuable than Islam.	We embraced Islam even before the separation of hindustan and Pakistan, but we have not came out of such evil thinking and this ritual are a more important than islam	In the Indo Pak subcontinent, Islam was accepted centuries ago, but it could not yet leave its ignorant mentality and has always kept culture and tradition above Islam.	In IndopPak we embraced Islam centuries ago but can't get rid of this unlettered thinking and considered traditions and customs superior then Islam.
Considering man's 2nd marriage as ridiculous, divorce as denigration, divorced as untouchable, love marriage as dishonor and considering a man marrying an older women is dissimulation of the women is only the result of this way of thinking.	The second marriage of a man is bad, Divorce is known to be bad, The divorced women is a untouchability sin, love marriage is the bad impression, the marriage of a man with a elder woman is said to be the evil plan of the woman. the above things are of such evil thinkings	Thinking of a man's second marriage as an innovation, divorce as a clinical rest, divorced woman as untouchable, love marriage as a mark on honor and a man marrying a woman elder to him as a deception on the part of the wife, is all a part of this mentality.	Second marriage of man as ridiculous, divorce as stigma, divorced woman as untouchable, love marriage as disgrace and man's marriage with an elder woman as the result of her cunningness is all because of such thinking.
And over all, by copying the western world, we are declaring the religious and veil as old fashioned.	and we think that if we wont follow modernism, we considered to a old thinking man	What's more, in mimicry of the western countries, we have started to consider piety and veil as old fashioned.	Moreover to copy the western nations we declare veil and worship backward.
Accepting Islam was easy, getting rid of this way of thinking is very hard.	Embracing islam is easy, but to come out from such evil thinking is some what impossible	Accepting Islam is easy, but leaving this mentality is very tough.	It was easy to embrace Islam to get rid of such thinking is very difficult.
Allah give us courage and Daringness.	Allah bless us with the ability and courage to do this task.	Allah grant us all spirit and courage for this.	Allah bless us all the courage for it.
Amen.	Ameen.	Amen	Amen.
it was not really difficult to write Urdu ever before.	It was never that difficult to write Urdu.	Writing Urdu was never so difficult.	Writing Urdu was never that difficult.
decades gone to writes that little.	It took century's to write this little.	Century passed writing such little writing	Centuries passed in writing this little.
consider more to less.	Think of this less as a lot.	Know that little is much.	Consider it enough.
Allah Hafiz.	Good Bye.	Allah Hafiz	Allah Hafiz.
Amir Taimoor Write on his book "i am Tamioor" thati have discovered secret in my life that if any force commander in chief on the first raw so that force never loss.	Ameer Taimur in his book "I am Taimur" writes I found the secret in my living time that if the commander of any army is present on the front line then that army will never be defeated.	Ameer Taimoor in his book "I am Taimoor" writes that i found this secret in my life that if leader of any Army is in front line then that Army will never lose.	Amir taymoori in his book ""Main hoon Taymoor"" writes I realized in my life a secret that if the military commander of the military is in first row then that military would never loose.
but that circumstances different there.	But here the things are altogether different.	But here situation is else.	But here the situations are different here
it was said lay folk die for our self we die so martyr.	They say the population is by default for getting killed for us.	To say that Common people are there to die for us if we die then martyr	they said this that people are present only to die for us if we die then are pious
if some one die form Lay folk so killed.	If anyone dies from the population, it is considered Murder.	if someone from common people dies then murder	If people die then murdered
May Allah bless and have mercy on you.	May peace and blessing of Almighty be upon you.	AsSalaamu Alaikum wa Rahmatullahi wa Barakatuhu (greeting)	Assalamwalekum Rehmate Barkatahu
When I was coming back to the shop after Isha prayer tonight, one man who was sitting in  car, raised his hand and asked me to come.	I was coming back to my shop after the Isha prayer tonight, a man who was sitting in his car waved at me and called.	Today, as I was returning to my shop, after Isha prayer, when a man sitting in a car at the circle raised his hand and diverted my attention towards him.	Tonight after Ishan's namaz i was heading towards the shop on the way a person attracted my attention towards him.
I thought may be this man has forgotten his way or may be he wants to ask something. I stopped so his whole family was in his car.	I thought that probable this man has lost his way or wants to ask something, I stopped as his whole family was sitting in the car.	I thought this man might have lost his way, or he might want to ask something, so I stopped, and his whole family was sitting in the car.	I thought this person has lost his way or wanted to ask something to me i stopped i saw his whole family along him.
He asked if I can understand Arabic very well or not. I said that there is no problem. You tell me what is the matter.	he asked me if I could speak and understand Arabic, I said no problem, you tell me what's up?	He asked whether I could understand Arabic well or not. I said no problem, tell me what you want.	He narrated his topic i fluently understand Arabic i told no problem tell me your problem?
He started saying, I have come from Riyadh but here some one in Medina picked my pocket if you please help me. I said forget about it.Because  this has happened with me earlier also as I gave this man 20 riyals to pay for gas and go back to Riyadh but he started doing the same thing after moving forward a little.	he started telling that he has come from Riyadh and here in Medina someone picked my pocket, kindly help me. I said please go away brother, since such an incident has already taken place with me that I gave this man 12 riyals so that he could reach Riyadh, but he started doing the same after moving a little farther.	He started to say that I have come from Riyadh, to Madinah, but someone has pick-pocketed me, so please help me out. I asked him to excuse me, as such an incident had taken place with me previously, that I had given the person 20 Riyals to buy petrol to reach Riyadh, but he went a little ahead and started to ask somebody else.	He started narrating i came from Riyadh here in someone has pick pocketed me you kindly help me out i told i am sorry brother, because this kind of situation is also faced by me before i gave him 20 Rial and guided him to fill petrol and head back to Riyadh but he after moving a certain distance started the same business
I got really angry and when I told him and threaten him of a cop, he vanished from there.	I was furious, I cursed him and threatened him of the Police, then he ran away.	I got very angry and scolded him and warned him that I would call the soldiers, so he got very frightened.	I got very angry and said him a lot and thretened him of cops so he left the place immediately
So now this is the condition of us Muslims that even when we come to beg money, we come with families riding in cars and daily manage to get at least 2 to 3000.	this is the situation of Muslims now that even for begging we ride our cars along with our families and make at least 2 to 3 thousand a day.	Now the situation  has become, that we Muslims come on cars, with our families to beg throughout the day and gain at least two or three thousand illegally.	Si this has been the situation of Muslims now for begging too we use vehicles and come with our families and through out the day cheat three thousand from people
Although there is an evident saying of the Prophet (P.B.U.H) that the hand above is better than the hand below and the hand above is the giving hand the lower is the taking hand.	However there is a clear Hadith (SAAW) that the upper hand is better than the lower hand since the lower hand is the begging one and the upper hand is the giving one.	Whereas there is a clear Hadith of the Prophet (SAWS) that says that the upper hand is better than the lower hand; the lower hand being the begging hand and the upper hand being the giving one.	Where as in Hadis(saleallah huwa salam) preaches instead of down peoples upper peoples are greater god gives them.
Allah have mercy on us and make us true Muslims ( Amen)	May Allah bless us and make us true Muslims (Amen)	May Allah have mercy on us and make us true Muslims (Amen, Amen)	Allah should show mercy on us a true Muslim( Ameen Suma Ameen)
Wassalam	Wassalam	WasSalam	WalekumSalam
Javed Iqbal	Javed Iqbal	Jawed Iqbal	Javed Iqbal
Wife of famous singer Adnan Sami, reached a police station in Bombay accusing him of torturing her.	The wife of famous singer Adnan Sami approached a Police Station in Mumbai, accusing him of torture.	Famous singer Adnan Sami's wife reached a police station in Mumbai, accusing him of torturing her.	The wife of famous singer Adnan Sami reached went to police station for blaming him of torturing her
The police station suggester her to contact Court.	The Police Station advised her to approach the court.	The Police station advised her to contact a court.	, police has advised her to consult the court.
Adnan Sami's wife Saba Guladari submitted a plea against her husband that Adnan Sami tortures her continuously.	Saba Galadari the wife of Adnan Sami gave an application against her husband that Adnan Sami continuously tortures her	Adnan Sami's wife Saba Giladari gave a complaint against her husband saying that he continuously tortures her.	Saba Galadari wife of Adnan Sami has filed an application against him that Adnan Sami continuously tortures her
and treats her inhumanely.	and he is also administering in human behavior against her.	and that he treats her in a non-human manner.	and behaves inhumanly,
Now this has exceeded her tolerance limit therefore a case should be recorded against Adnan Sami.	Now this thing has gone out of her tolerance, therefore, a case may be registered against Adnan Sami.	Now, it has become difficult for her to bear, and that is why she has filed a case against him.	Now she is fed up of this therefore case must be filed against him
Police instead of recording a report suggested that she should contact the court by saying that this matter is not what comes under police control.	Police  station has advised her to approach the court instead of registering  the case, on the plea that the case is not within the valid jurisdiction of police station	The police, instead of filing a case, told her to contact a court, saying that this matter was not one in which the police could put their hands.	, in place of filing case police asked her to consult the court by saying that this case is not under the jurisdiction of police.
In your opinion, is the accusation of Adnan Sami's wife on him is correct?	Do you think that the accusation on Adnan Sami by his wife is correct?	In your opinion, is the accusation against Adnan Sami, by his wife proper?	In your opinion the blame of Adnan Sami's wife on him is true?
What if this accusation is an attempt of tarnishing the name of Adnan Sami?	Can this accusation is an attempt of India to defame Adnan Sami?	This is not an Indian effort to disgrace Adnan Sami, is it?	Is it not an attempt of India to defame Adnan Sami?
Let us know of your comments regarding this matter.	Inform us about your opinion on the Subject.	Let us know about your opinion on this issue.	Do inform us with your opinion in this regard.
Adam Saanghar, stamp.	Adam Sanghar, Mehr.	Adam, Sanghad, Mehr	Adam Sanghar, Meher
as far as blames concern so any man can do on other.	as far as allegations are concerned, anyone can post it on someone else.	As far as accusations go, any person can accuse the other.	As far as the allegations are concerned, anyone can levy them on any other person.
nothing more important than respect.	nothing comes before prestige.	To get enraged for honor is not sensible.	There is nothing superior to honor.
what so ever relation of present wife and Adnan Samih , Adnan Samih leave his respected life and went India to earn money, now this popularity made hurdle for him.	however may be the relations between Adnan Sami and his present wife, he left his respectful life and went to India to make money and now this fame has caught him badly.	Whatever be the case between Adnan Sami and his present wife, he had left his honorable life and went to India to earn money. Now that fame has fallen around his neck.	Whatever is the current state of relations between Adnan Sami and his wife, Adnan Sami left his respectable life and went to India to earn a fortune. The same fame has now importuned him.
this  is due to his own deed.	this is a consequence of his own deeds.	This is the result of his own actions.	It is the outcome of his wrong doings.
Washington.	Washington...	Washington...	Washington
high level American official said that president Obama made strong policy against Afghan president Hamid Karzai.	top American officials say that president Obama will take strict stance over Afghan president Hamid Karzai.	High ambassadors of America say that President Obama will take a strong stand against Afghan President Hamid Karzai.	American high officials have stated that President Obama will take a stern attitude towards the Afghan President Hamid Karzai.
on this new policy of America about Afghanistan give more importance on War instead of Development.	in the new American policy over Afghanistan, there is more emphasis on war than development.	In America's new policy for Afghanistan, instead of development, war has been given more importance.	The new American strategy towards Afghanistan will focus on war instead of development
Official said that Hamid Karzai consider as a hurdle in Afghanistan to get American Aid, because corruption in the government, intoxication business get increased and Taliban forces get regathered.	officials say that Hamid Karzai is considered to be a hurdle in achievement of American goals Since in his government, there is corruption, drugs business has increased and Taliban are regaining their power.	The envoys say that Hamid Karzai is being considered a barrier in the achievement of American goals in Afghanistan, as there is corruption in the government and the business of middlemen has increased and the Taliban are once more gathering strength.	The officials said that Hamid Karzai is being viewed as an obstacle in achieving American interests in Afghanistan because of government corruption and drug trafficking is on the rise and the Talibans are gaining strength
American official said that those people from American government who put pressure on Hamid Karzai to do more in which vice president Joe Biden and representative of Brack Obama for Afghanistan and Pakistan Richard Holbrooke included.	American officials say that people, who are putting more pressure on Hamid Karzai to do more, include vice president Joe Biden and President Obama's representative for Afhanistan and Pakistan Richard Holbrooke.	The American envoys say that among the people in the American government who are stressing upon Hamid Karzai to do something more are Vice President Joseph Biden and President Obama's representative to Afghanistan and Pakistan, Richard Hallbrooke.	The American officials also said that those people in the current administration who are pressurizing Hamid Karzai to do more include, Vice President Joe Biden and American Envoy for Afghanistan and Pakistan, Richard Holbrook
He said that this policy appeared after President Bush, who used to video conference with Hamid Karzai every two weeks, left. He used to stress upon the American role in rebuilding Afghanistan and its civilian institutions.	He said that the strategy came forward after President Bush left. He participated in video conference with Hamid Karzay every fortnight. Those conferences emphasized America's role in reconstructing Afghanistan and its cities.	He said that this good administration was noticed after the President Bush left, who used to have a video conference with Hamid Karzai after every 2 weeks and used to emphasize on the role of America in Afghanistan and the development of its city departments.	They stated that the policy change came after President Bush left office, who used to have video conferencing with Hamid Karzai fortnightly and emphasized the American role in the rebuilding of Afghanistan and its civil institutions.
Officials say that the Obama government would work with the State leaders rather than the central government.	The American officer says that the Central administration under Obama will work with local leaders for a change.	Officials say that Obama management will work with the state leaders as a backup with the main government.	The Obama administration will work with provincial political leaders instead of the central government.
The officials say that it will pressurize Karzai to step up the war against corruption.	The officer says stress will be given in the fight against corruption joining hands with the Karzay administration.	Officials say that they will emphasize Hamid Karzai on fighting against corruption	They said that they will ask Hamid Karzai to intensify the campaign against corruption.
Hamid Karzai is facing fresh elections this year, and it is not yet clear whether Obama and his group will support Karzai for presidency or not.	Hamid Karzay is going to face a new election and it is not still clear whether Obama and his friends will support Karzay's candidature for Presidentship.	Hamid Karzai faces new elections this year. And it is not clear as yet that Obama and his companions will favor his presidency or not.	Hamid Karzai is facing new elections this year and it is not yet clear whether Obama and his administration are going to back him up in the presidential race.
This statement of the American officials is not a precursor for a change in the American policy towards Afghanistan, is it?	Can we predict whether the declaration of the American Officer will effect a policy change in the Afghan affairs?	Is this statement, of the American officials, a forecast of change in American policy regarding Afghanistan?	Does this statement reflect a shift in American policy towards Afghanistan?
Is Hamid Karzai's rule coming to an end?	Whether Hamid Karzay's rule is coming to an end?	Is this era of Hamid Karzai ending?	Is Hamid Karzaiâ€™s era coming to an end?
What is your opinion about this?	What do you think about it?	What are your thoughts in this matter?	What is your say on this?
In a series of three one day matches between Sri Lanka and Pakistan, Sri Lanka defeated Pakistan 2-1.	SriLanka beat Pakistan in the three one day international cricket match series for 2-1.	In the series of three one-day matches between Pakistan and SriLanka, Srilanka defeated Pakistan with 2-1.	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 1568
Pakistan had defeated Sri Lanka in the first match, but Sri Lanka was victorious in the remaining two matches.	In the first one day match Pakistan defeated SriLanka, however SriLanka won the remaining two matches.	Pakistan defeated Srilanka in the first one-day match although Srilanka won in the next two matches.	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 1569
In the third one day match, the national cricket team's performance was very poor. In reply to Sri Lanka's 309 runs, it only managed to hit 75 runs in 23 overs before going all out. As such, it had to face a humiliating loss.	In the third one day match the performance of the national team was too awesome. The team chasing a target of 309 runs of SriLanka was able score only 75 in 23 overs.The national team should thus have learnt a lesson from this defeat.	In this third one-day match, the nation's team performance was very poor. They worn out in only 75 runs in 23 overs against 309 runs made by the national team of Srilanka.And this is how we faced a lesson learning defeat.	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 1570
The result of the series shows the inconsistency of our cricket team's performance	From the results of the series, it becomes evident that the performance of the national cricket team is not consistent.	the result of the series proves that the National team has no consistency in its performance.	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 1571
Despite the home ground advantage and claims, National team is defeated. Can you give the reasons of this defeat?	Despite home ground and all claims, the national team suffered defeat. What do you think are the reasons?	besides the home ground and all claims, the national team was defeated, what are the reasons of this in your opinion?	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 1572
Which department of the sport needs more attention of concerning authorities?	Which aspects of the game should experts focus on?	which departments of the game should be addressed more by the authorities?	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 1573
If you are satisfied with team selection?	Are you satisfied with the selection of the team?	are you satisfied with the selection of the team?	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 1574
Which department is the major reason of the defeat: fielding, batting or bowling.	Which part do you place the responsibility of the loss on, fielding, batting or bowling?	which department you will hold responsible for the defeat, fielding, batting or bowling?	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 1575
Kindly share your opinion.	Let us know of your opinion.	please provide your feedback.	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 1576
Malik Babar Hussain, It is sad that such customs of ignorance still exist in this modern age. These feudal target the poor and innocent people, who will believe that they are Muslims?	Malik Babar Husain, Jeddah. It is very sad that even in todays modern age, such ignorant traditions are prevalent. If the landlord or the property owner targets innocent people with his harsh dictatorship, who will call them Muslims?	Malik Babar Hussain, Judah, it is very disappointing that even today these kind of heathenish  traditions continue. these feudal lords target innocent people with their feudal rule, who would call them Muslims?	Babar Hussain, a very well known personality said that, people are ignorant about the cultures and the landlords are targetting innocent people who are now loosing soverignity.
If any tribal chief proved his innocence by walking on fire. why GOVT does not take action?	Let any big shot walk on these burning coals. Why does the government allow them to do that?	a Sardar should walk himself over these embers. why the present government do not act against them?	Why does the government not take any action against Sardars who ditches a war?
When will the judicial justice play its role?	When will court justice come into play?	when the judicial justice will come in handy.	WHen will the court justice work?
Sri Lankan team has reached Pakistan to play one day series.	The Sri Lankan cricket team has reached Pakistan, to play the one day international series.	the Srilankan cricket team has arrived Karachi to play One Day internationals.	Sir Lankan cricket team has reached Pakistan for playing one day international series.
besides the Indo-Pak sullenness, a visit by a foreign team to Pakistan is very pleasing.	this is Happy news that foreign team is still coming to Pakistan regardless of tension between India and Pakistan	Despite the tensions between Pakistan and India it is nice to see a foreign team visit Pakistan.	Visit of a foreign team to Pakistan, in spite of Pak India tension is a good sign.
upon reaching the Karachi airport, the Srilankan team was very warmly welcomed.	On arrival at Karachi airport SriLankan team was given a warm welcome	On reaching the Karachi airport the Sirilankan team was given a warm welcome.	On reaching Karachi Airport the Sir Lankan team was given a warm welcome.
two one days between Pakistan and Srilanka in Karachi whereas the third one day will be played in Lahore.	in between Pakistan and Srilanka, two matches are held at Karachi while one is at Lahore	There will be two one day matches in Karachi and one in Lahore between Pakistan and Sirilanka.	Two matches will be held between Pakistan and Sir Lanka in Karachi while the third one will be played in Lahore.
both teams have there claims over bowling, batting and fielding.	both teams are claiming assurance regarding bowling, batting and fielding	There have been bold statements from both sides regarding their bowling, batting and fielding.	Both teams are asserting highly regarding their batting, bowling and fielding.
if the Srilankans are proud of their spinners, the Pakistanis trust their fast bowlers.	Srilankan are proud of there Spiner while Pakistani are believing on their fast bowler	If the Sirilankans are proud of their spinners than Pakistan has its fast bowlers.	If Siri Lanka venerates its spinners, Pakistanâ€™s reliance is on its fast bowlers.
Srilankan Captain Mahela Jayvardena has said that not a single player from Pakistan team but the whole team is dangerous.	Srilankan Captain Mahela Jaywardena has said that No one Player of Pakistan team but Whole Pakistan team is dangerous	The Sirilankan captain Mahela Jayawardene has said that no one player of the Pakistan team can be singled out as a threat, the whole team is dangerous.	Sir Lankaâ€™s captain Mahela Jayawardene says that no one player but the whole Pakistan cricket team is dangerous.
Murli dharan and Mendis will be the trump cards whereas the Pakistan Captain says that it will be a tough competition.	Murlidharan and Mendas will be our Trump Card, On the other side Pakistan' Captain has said that the competition will be tough	Muralitharan and Mendis are said to be trump cards while the Pakistani captain has said that the competition will be a tough one.	Muralidharan and Mendis will be the trump cards, while Pakistanâ€™s captain says that this competition will be tough.
Shoaib Malik has said that we have played Murli dharan and we'll see Mendis as well. we have prepared a secret game plan and we shall implement that in the ground.	Shoaib Malik has said that we have played Murlidharn and will see Mendas as well, we have develop a secret game plan which we will show at the ground.	Shoaib Malik said that they've already played Muralitharan and that they'll see off Mendis as well, he also said that they've got a secret game plan that they'll reveal on the pitch.	Shoaib Malik has said â€œwe have played Murali Dharan before and will take care of Mendis as well. We have made a secret game plan and will reveal it on the groundâ€.
will the Pak-Srilanka Series be really as interesting and exciting as the claims are?	do really Pak-Sri series will be entertaining and thrill?	Can it really be that according to the Pakistani and Sirilankan claims the contest will be a gripping one?	Will the Pakistan and Sir Lanka series live up to claims of being interesting and thrilling?
who will be dominate the series between Pakistan and Srilanka?	whose side is heaver in Pakistan and Srilanka series?	Who will have the upper hand when the series between Pakistan and Sirilanka gets underway?	Which side will dominate in the Pakistan and Siri Lanka series?
who will win series?	who will win the series?	Who will win the series?	Who will win the series?
who will be main of the series?	Who will be the man of the series?	Who will be the man of the series?	Who will be man of the series?
let us know your recommendation.	Let us know of your opinion.	Give your opinion.	Inform us of your suggestions.
Gulfam, wants his favorable speech and you are also consider that it is our wish that you should write some truth do not made interpretation as like Mukhurjee because it is order that said right in front of brutal rural and this equal to Jihad what Mukhurjee said tires to get inside in news by changing speech.	Gulfam, London, Publish statements that are of liking, you give preference to those too, it is our wish that even you write some truth, do not entangle the statement like Mukher Jee because it is commanded to say truth in front of tyrant and it is equal to Crusade(Jihad). What to say of Mukher Jee, change the statement between news and try to weep.	Gulpham, London, publishes his own views and you also prefer these views. I wish you would also write some truth, and not change your words like Mukherjee, because the order is to speak the truth in front of a tyrant king, and this is equivalent to Jihad. What should be said of Mukherjee, he tries to change his statements and stay in the news.	Gulfam from London has published his own statement, you also give importance to such statements. We wish you also write some truth .and do not change statement like Mukherjee, because it is an order to say truth to the despotic ruler is legitimate. And it is equal to jihad. Mukherjee keeps changing his statements to stay in news.
Malik Yousuf, Dubai	Mailk Yousaf, Dubai	Malik Yusuf, Dubai.	mulk yusuf Dubai
this all those same people have responsible, Kashmirs fighting for there freedom since last 60 years.	It is all these people's doing Kashmiris are fighting war of independence for the past sixty years.	How is all this is double for these people, when the Kashmiri people have been fighting for independence for the last 60 years?	All this is done by these people. Kashmir is fighting for its freedom from past 60 years.
no one ask about that now they have stuck with fundamentalism and fight for terrorism so they now start talking about deal.	No, no one  asked, now they are caught in war of extremism and terrorism so they have started talking about peace and settlement.	No, no one asked, and they are now stuck in their war of extremism and terrorism, so they start talking about making up.	those who have not asked about it have now themselves in deep violence. talks of comprise has been started
first they killed Muslims brutally now they are trying to resolve issues.	First they generally massacred Muslims now they are perplexedly settling the matters.	First they openly killed the Muslims, now they are in the efforts of setting things right.	first killed Muslims openly now heading for cover it
although Pakistan have to understand there two way policy.	In any way Pakistan has to understand their duplicitous policies.	Anyway, Pakistan will have to understand their double edged policies.	anyways Pakistan should understand their double policies.
Asad Khan, London.	Asad Khan London	Asad Khan, London.	Asad Khan: London
India is creating this situation to distract world attention away from Kashmir issue.	India creates such situations that world concentration on Kashmir turn back.	India is creating such a situation that the world's attention can be diverted from Kashmir.	India is making situations so that the Kashmir situation is overlooked.
But Pakistan has always showed true face of India to the world	but Pakistan always shows India real face to the world.	but Pakistan has always shown the real face of India to the world.	But Pakistan has always shown India's true face to the world.
Now British government has realized that Indian government is maligning Pakistan for terrorism so that it can occupy Kashmir.	now British government also understand that India made a bad image of Pakistan on the name of terrorism to turn back eyes on Kashmir occupation.	Now the British Government is also understanding that the Indians are taking cover from their occupation over Kashmir by blaming Pakistan of terrorism.	Even the British government is now understanding this, that is why India is now ruining Pakistan's reputation by terrorism accusations to distract from the Kashmir situation.
They are unwilling to talk with Pakistan on this matter	and frustrated to talk this matter with Pakistan	and they hesitate to talk to Pakistan over this issue.	And hesitates to talk with Pakistan about this.
British foreign minister David Miliband said that by resolving Kashmir issue will end extremism. Pakistan government will be able to handle the border issues.	British Foreign minister David Milliband said that by resolving Kashmir issue terrorism will eliminate and government of Pakistan can handle new challenges impressively on its border.	British foreign minister David Milliband has said that by resolving the issue of Kashmir will bring an end to extremism, the government of Pakistan will effectively handle the threats rising on the borders.	Britains Secretary of State David Miliband said that resolving Kashmir issue will finish off the extremism and the government of Pakistan will be able to tackle the dangers faced at the border efficiently
It should be noted that American president Obama has already expressed similar views on Kashmir issue.	its clear that before that newly elected American president Barack Obama also give his thoughts in a same manner.	it should be clear that the newly elected American president Obama has also expressed similar views over the Kashmir dispute.	It should be noted that recently the newly elected American President Obama has also expressed similar thoughts on the Kashmir issue
British foreign minister has said while talking to media in Mumbai and also written an essay that the idea of war on terror is wrong. On the basis of threat to oneself killing others was Bush's policy.	British foreign minster while talk with media and writes on one essay that though of fight against terrorism is wrong for challenge of danger for its own safety killed people is the policy of Bush.	The British foreign minister while talking to media in Mumbai and has written in an article that the idea of the war against terror is wrong and killing people just for the threats to one self was the policy of president Bush.	Britains Secretary of State said in front of media in Mumbai and also wrote that the idea of war against terrorism is wrong.Killing people  for the sake of threats being faced had been the policy of President Bush
David Miliband has said that Pakistan should show lineancy towards extremist groups.	David Milliband said that Pakistan did not show a soft corner for terrorist groups.	David Milliband has said that Pakistan should not be lenient with the extremist groups.	David Milliband said that Pakistan should not have any soft corner for the extremist groups
Due to insistance of major powers to resolve Kashmir issue India is creating unrest in the region to distract world from this issue.	due to pressure from big powers to resolve conflict of Kashmir is India tries to create intense environment in this region to turn back concentration from this problem?	due to the stress over the need for resolution of the Kashmir dispute from the major powers, isn't India trying to divert the attention from this issue by creating unrest in the region?	Is India creating uncertainity in the region to avoid the resolution of Kashmir issue by big powers?
Terrorist attack in Mumbai is also a part of this strategy.	either Mumbai terrorism is a part of this conspiracy?	isn't the terrorism in Mumbai a part of this strategy?	Are the Mumbai attacks the part of the plan?
Does India want to the allegations of terrorism its escape goat to avoid peace talks?	Does India wants to use terrorism as a means to avoid a dialogue ?	Is India using terrorism as a base to escape from comprehensive dialog?	Does India want to avoid the comprehensive talks by on the basis of terrorism?
Tell us your opinion.	Let us know about you opinion	Let us know of your opinion.	Enlighten us with your views
Usman Aftab	Usman Aftab	Usman Aftab,	Usman Aftab.
In my opinion alot of the powerful nations do not want to bring harm to Pakistan.	I think it is the big powers (countries) that want to harm Pakistan.	I think the big powers do not want to harm Pakistan.	I think Super powers don't want to destroy Pakistan
But are thinking of plans to keep it in their leash as they know that Pakistan is a nuclear power.	In fact are thinking of means to control Pakistan. They know Pakistan is an atomic power.	Rather it wants to keep it in check, and hence is thinking of taking certain steps. They know that Pakistan is a nuclear state.	rather they are thinking of certain policies to control her they are familiar that Pakistan is an atomic power
They want to fuel a situation for a revolution.	They want to create an environment of a revolution.	They want to bring about some kind of revolution here.	want to bring some sort of revolution
Other nations are thinking that in cornering Pakistan they may face Geographical Political problems, they also want to aid Pakistan but along with that they also want to accomplish their ulterior motives.	Foreign counties are thinking that if Pakistan is cornered that will pose more political and geographical problems. They want to help Pakistan and want to achieve their vested interests.	Foreign countries are only thinking that if they corner Pakistan, they would face some political and geographic problems. They want to help Pakistan, but also want to be successful in their goal.	Foreign countries believe that by cornering Pakistan few hurdles may generate want to support Pakistan and also wish to achieve their goal
A Citizen, USA	A citizen of USA.	A citizen, USA.	A citizen,USA
Indians have known to be snakes in the grass.	It has always been Hindu's tradition 'walking stick in arm and name of Ram (Hindu God)on lips'	It has always been a Hindu tradition, that in the side is a knife and on the mouth is Ram.	Hindus always hit hard and then start speaking sweet.
In my opinion they get cramps every now and then which causes them to give baseless threats.	I think from time to time there is an anxiety and to relieve that Pakistan is blamed or associated with some negative event.	I think that they get stomach aches over small issues and begin to warn Pakistan.	I think that they get problems often in a while and they start threatning Pakistan.
Indian army cheif keep your mouth shut,any way we are ready orelse we know to give you a solid answer.	We are ready in all ways, the Indian Chief of Army should keep his mouth shut or else, we know how to give mouth breaking anwers.	We are ready by all means. Indian Army chief should keep his mouth shut.	We are ready from each aspect.Indian army chief should better shut his mouth up else we are capable to cross attacking.
FM SADIQ	Faheem Siddiqi	F.M. siddique	Faheem Siddique
With the help of American wealth Rasil quium gave an ec speach  with which he blowed out American's mind this is wrong,but now   the surprising thing is attack and watch truth will be proved.Who's right.	Ras al Khaima, This conversation is going on due to American mischief. America's mind was already spoiled, but know India is also becoming like that. Let them attack, and they will see the reality, as to who is in how deep waters.	Political statements are coming under the mischievous support of America. America is crazy and now Indians are going on the same pattern. if India has courage to attack, it should to know the ground reality.	Raas Al Khaima, It is due to America that wrong statements are being given , America is out of its mind but now India is also doing the same, India should try attacking , then it will become crystal clear that who stands where.
Israil attacked Hamas but there was no one to stop them,the Indian brother just watched work done by Israil wanted to do some thing.	Israel is attacking Hamas, but no one has the courage to stop it. Watching Israel, India also wants to do all that.	Israel is attacking Hamas and no one has courage to stop Israel. Following Israel, Indian also wants to do some adventure.	Israel is attacking Hammas but nobody has that much integrity to stop them. India also want to follow Israel's foot steps
Prime minster Syed yousuf said that all the  issues of America's willbe taken to the parliment and will be solved with each sentence kept in mind.	The Prime Minister, Syed Raza Yusuf Geelani said that the newly elected American vice president, Joe Biden played an important role in removing the ex-president Musharraf's uniform and replacing it with a lame democracy, which is why the Pakistani government has honored him with a special star.	PM said that Byden had a great role in shedding Musharraf's uniform and restoring the democracy. That is why he has awarded SI.	Prime Minister Syed YOusaf Raza Gillini said that the newly elected vice president Joe Biden had played an important role in steping down of previous president musharraf as army cheif and restoring crippled democracy, thats why the government of pakistan has awarded him with Sitare-e-Imtiaz (honour medal)
Removing the uniform and there public support.	The credit for removing the uniform and replacing the democracy should not go to any political party. The Parliament is not a rubber stamp.	No political party can get the credit of uniform shedding and the restoration of democracy. Parliament is not a rubber stamp.	No political party shoud get credit of his  giving up of uniform and restoration of the democracy , Parliment is not a mere rubber stamp
All issues will be told in the parliment.	All decisions will be made in the parliament.	All decisions will be made in Parliament.	All decisions will be taken in the parliment
Dr.Qadir has become famous with help of the prime minster.	The Prime Minister said that Qadeer's door was closed.	PM said that Dr. Qadir's chapter had closed.	Prime minister said that the chapter of Doctor Qadeer has been closed
Is there any hope in your sense against Maryeth is any public support.	In your opinion, do the public protests against Mina Marriot not mean anything?	If public protest against dictatorship has no significance to you?.	What do you think, the peoples protest against dictatorship has no value at all?
Did the lawyer play any role in this case?	Has the lawyers movement not played any role?	If lawyers movement did not play any role?	Has the lawyers protest played no role?
What do you have to say about this statement of the Prime Minister?	What you want say about the words of the Prime minister	what will you going to do at Prime Minister's statement	What are your views about this statement of the Prime Minister
Make us aware about your opinion.	Please give us your opinion	please give us your opinion	Do enlighten us with your views
American President, George W. Bush, in his outgoing press conference advised newly elected President Barack Obama saying that he had made many mistakes in his presidency, and that Barack Obama should do whatever he feels is appropriate.	The President of America George W Bush on his Veladitary fuction said to Barack Obama that He in his position has did many mistakes, if obama wants to correct it, he can	American President George W Bush in his last Press conference advises newly elected President that he did many mistakes in his tenure and Barack Obama should do what he think is right	U.S. President George W. Bush in his farewell press conference advised the newly elected President Barak Obama by saying that he has done many mistakes in his presidency and if Barak Obama finds something right,just do it.
'I did, as a president, whatever I felt was appropriate, according to the situation, and the American law and constitution, giving preference to American interest over my own acceptance'.	As a president, and based on the situation, and Rules and regulation of america, i have taken steps, i work only for the benefit of America.	I as the President and according with the constitution of USA and law i did the developments, i put forward American interest on my own popularity.	As the President I have taken steps according to  the situation and the Constitution and  under the law,  given priority to the American interests on my popularity.
He said that the enemies of America are still planning to attack America, and that the biggest challenge for Barack Obama would be to stop those attacks.	He said, the enemies of america, today also planning to attack on america. to stop this things is the biggest challenge for the barack obama	he said that America's Enemy are still planning to attack America. the biggest challenge for Barack Obama is to prevent from these attacks	He said that the  US enemy is still  planning to attack the America , and the biggest challenge  for Barak  Obama would have  been to stop the attacks.
He said that not being able to find weapons of mass destructions in Iraq was the biggest disappointment for him, and considering the Iraq mission to be complete was his biggest mistake.	he said that. he unable to found the weapon for the destroy of iraq in large scale, and i felt that i won the battle in iraq, that was my biggest mistake	he said that , unable to find the weapon of mass destruction from Iraq was his major dissapointment and to announce the mission completed in Iraq was his big mistake.	He said that not to get the Mass destruction weapons,  was  my largest  disappointment and  the biggest mistake was to admit the completion of the Iraq   mission.
Speaking at his last press conference at the White House, the American President said that this is my last press conference, and I thank the journalists and other friends who are present in the press conference.	In the last conference at white house, he said that this is my last press conference, and i thank to all those who have attended	In last press conference from white house American president has said that this is my last press conference i thank u all news reporter and my colleague who attended this conference	While addressing the American Pesident  in the White House in his last press conference has said that it is my last press conference I thank to journalists and other friends who attended  this Conference .
Do you think Obama will not repeat the mistakes that Bush made?	Do you think Obama will repeat the same mistakes which Bush did?	do you think Obama will not do that mistake which bush did?	Do you think that Obama will not repeat those mistakes   which were done by Bush?
Did Bush delay accepting his mistake?	Do Bush did late to accept the mistakes he did?	don't you think bush was late in accepting his mistakes?	Has it been delayed by Bush to acknowledge  the mistake?
Will Obama be able to follow Bush's advice?	Does Obama will work on the opinion of Bush?	will Obama be able to follow the advice of Bush?	Shall Obama  follow the advice of  Bush conciliatory?
let us know your Suggestion.	Aware me about your openion.	Inform us of your opinion.	Give us your opinion.
vice president of America Dick Cheney said that he want to see Usama Bin Laden Either Alive or Die.	The step president of America said that he wants to see Usama live or dead.	The American Vice President Dick Cheney says I want to see Usama Bin Laden alive or dead.	Vice President Dick Cheney wants to see Osama bin Laden  live or dead.
he said that Usama Bin Ladin Hide-in his self in some mountain area , and he becomes inactive for his organization, if Usama Bin Ladin arrested either Alive or dead so his have to finished his  organization	He said that Usama bin Ladan is in a difficult place and he became unuseful and if he will arrested live or dead but his organisation should be killed.	He says that Usama Bin Laden is hiding in some hard to reach area and is of no use to his organization, if Usama Bin Laden is arrested alive or dead then his organization must be destroyed.	Dick chenney said that Osama bin Laden is living in a a hard and tough area unopened and for their ineffective Organization has been, if Osama bin Laden is alive or  also dead arrest him and end this Organization.
America hopeful to arrest Usama Bin Ladin and search for Usama should continues.	America has the aim to arrest Usama bin Ladan and he is being searched.	America is ambitious on the arrest of Usama and the search of Usama is on.	America for the arrest of Osama bin Laden and determination to search should mortgage.
did Dick Chiney wish come true to arrest Usma Bin Ladin.	The arrest of Usama is the completion of heart want of Dak Chene.	Will Dick Cheney's wish of arresting Usama be accomplished?	Did dick Cheney's wishes will come true for The arrest of Osama?
let us know about your suggestion.	Aware me about your openion.	Inform us of your opinion.	Through the opinion
Shahid Afridi like all rounder cricketer in Qaiud-e-Aazam trophy  PIA and at the end of first day match of  Habib Bank he fight with one spectator.	Like Shahid Aafridi all rounder cricketers quarled with a visiter after the end of IA and Habib bank in Qaid-e-Azam.	After the completion of Qaide Aazam Trophy match between PIA and Habeeb bank the all rounder cricketer Shahid Affridi had quarrel with one fan.	Shahih Afreedi like all rounder cricketer on the Faiz Azam trophy in BISA and Habbeb bank match end of first day of had a fight with a spectator.
at Ubl ground when Shahif Afridi go out from drawing room after finished match so many spectator gathered around him.	In UBL ground Shahid Afride after match playing when came from drying room then many wanters gathered.	When Shahid Affridi came out of the drawing room after playing the match on the UBL ground then a big number of fans gathered him.	At UPL ground after playing the match when Shahid Afreedi came out of the drawing room fans surrounded him.
on one time one spectator request him by holding his hand to take a snap with him on that Shahid Afridi neglect him and siad that take snap tomorrow, although due to spectator insist Shahid Afridi gets angry and give him slept before they start fighting people resolve this matter.	TdOnce when a visitor said him to take picture with him he postponed it but the visitor didnot accept it then Afride bate him by hand and by the people there this matter was closed.	On one situation a fan held the hand and asked to take a photo with him on which Shahid Affridi removing his hand said that he can take the photo tomorrow but on fan's insistence Affridi became angry and slapped him, before they start a quarrel the gathering people just dismissed the matter there itself.	At one moment of the spectator pulled hand of Shahih Afredi and requested for a snap for which shahid afreedi pushed him and asked to take it later, for the force of spectator shahid afreedi got angry and slapped him before the situation gets worse people there sought out the problem
after that Shahid Afridi said that mde him issue with out any reason, at that time he was hurry for prayer.	After it Afride said it is being made issue for no reason but I was in hurry by Prayer.	After that Shahid Affridi said that without any reason he was made an issue therefore at that time he was in a hurry to attend the Prayer.	Shahid Afreedi then said people are just making this just an issue i was in a hurry for prayer,
Anyway Ill excuse myself from taking part in these antiques.	nevertheless I shall apologize to that spectator.	Any way, I beg pardon for this drama.	Anyways i will patch up with this spectator.
What would you say about the behavior of Shahid Afridi?	what would you say on this behavior of Shahid Afridi.	What do you say about Shahid Afridi's actions?	What would you say about behavior of shahid afreedi.
Do let us know about your opinion.	Let us know of your opinion.	Let us know about your opinion.	gives us your suggestion.
The Indian President Manmohan Singh has again accused Pakistan of hyping the talk of war.	The Indian prime minister Manmohan Singh has once again accused Pakistan of provoking for a war.	Manmohan Singh once again accused Pakistan of creating a war-like atmosphere.	Manmohan Singh, the Indian Prime Minister have allegedly said that this environment is by Pakistan
And that Pakistan uses terrorism as its state policy.	And Pakistan is using terrorism as a state policy.	and that Pakistan is using terrorism as a policy of state.	Terrorism and state policy of Pkistan
While deliberating to the Chief Ministers Manmohan Singh stated that terrorist elements were being housed in neighboring countries such as Pakistan.	while addressing a Chief Ministers conference in new Delhi, Manmohan Singh said that the terrorist elements are backed by neighboring countries specially Pakistan.	Speaking to a meeting of the cabinet of ministers, Manmohan Singh said that terrorist factions are being supported by neighbouring countries, especially Pakistan.	Manmohan singh, when addressing in the Chief Minister's conference in New Delhi, said that the Pakistan is supported by the neighbouring countries
And that during the Mumbai attacks the terrorists used the sea route and managed to elude the coast guard.	and the terrorists of the Mumbai attacks used the pelagic route and were safe from the Indian coast guards.	And that the terrorists who attacked Mumbai used the sea way and remained safe from the coastal guard.	After Mumbai attack by the terrorist, the naval path and the Indian coasts are made safe.
The Indian president stated that the Mumbai attacks were carried out by the Lashkar-e-Tayyebah.	Indian prime minister said that the November attacks were carried out by Lashkare Taiba.	The Indian Prime Minister said that the Mumbai attacks of November were carried out by Lashkar-e-Taiba.	Prime minister of India said that the November attach in Mumbai was by Lashkae-e-Taiba.
He continued that the terrorists were using new techniques and advanced equipment and that the security on the line of control should also be increased so that infiltration of these things could be stopped, he also stated that terrorism shall never be tolerated by the Indian government and that was their policy.	he added that the terrorists are using modern techniques and the latest communication systems. We'll have to be more rigorous over the line of control where in the intrusion takes place. He said that terrorism will not be spared in any case and this is our policy.	He said that the terrorists were using new techniques and modern communication systems. We will have to step up the forces at the line of control as well, from where there is infiltration. He said that terrorism will not be accepted in any form, and this is our policy.	The policy is that the Modern communication systems and the new techniques used in Line of control will increase the infiltration of terrorism .
In what light do you see these accusations made by the Indian President?	how do you see this allegation from the Indian prime minister?	How do you see this accusation of the Indian Prime Minister?	How will the Indian Prime Minister see this allegation?
Is the internal chaos and separation movements of India not the show of India's anxiety?	Does the internal Political war, and individualism shows the India is in trouble?	Do the internally opposed and separatist movements of India show the disturbed situation n India?	This marks the anxiety of the Mazhar facets
On whose signals is India has chosen to be in threatening attitude?	On what basis India has warning others?	On whose orders is India taking this warning stance?	How does the attitude of India towards threatening?
Let us know of your opinion	please provide us your suggestions	Give us your views.	Regarding this choice.
Zubeer Khan, Karachi	Zubair Khan, Karachi	Zubair Khan, Karachi	Zubair Khan, Karachi
This is very hurtful incident that Israel is publicly massacring the Palestinians, same situation is here in Kashmir but Security Council do not even bother by it.	This is the most dangerous situation where Isreal kills Palestinians, on the other hand the same in Kashmir also, it was not noted by any peace councils, and not even responding for this	This is a sad calamity that Israeli is massacring the Palestinians and the same situation is prevalent in Kashmir, but there is no effect on the Security Council.	It is extremely sad that the Israelis are openly killing Palestinians. Over here, Kashmir is in the same situation but the Peace Council does not even turn a ear over it.
As many organizations who are in Palestine and Kashmir should continue their fight till freedom and by creating unity between themselves keep fighting every kind of aggression, one of these days their Martyr will bring result. By the will of Allah	The Associations in Kashmir and Palestian, ther have to fight for their freedom, and they to be united and strrugle to all dangerous situations. definitely one day their struggle will give you a good result. Insha Allah	All the organisations present in Palestine and Kashmir should keep their war going until they gain independence, and they should form unity among themselves and keep facing any type of harm, and one day or the other their martyrdom will give fruit, God Willing.	All the groups that are in Kashmir and Palestine, should keep the war going for freedom, and unitedly fight any force that opposes them. One day their martyrdom will bear fruit, God willing.
Israeli air attacks still continues in Gaza, since now several Palestinian Men, Women and children have been martyred.	on Ghazwa, they air force of Isreals are attacking on palestain, today also. till this more than lakhs people are died.	The air attacks by Israel on Gaza are continuing, just the same. Until now, hundreds of Palestinian men, women and children have been martyred.	Israeli air attacks are still continued on Gaza, hundreds of Palestinian men, women and children have been martyred.
Important political leader of Hamas Nazarian have been martyred with wife and kids.	The important Political Person of HAMAS Nazariyan has killed along with his family.	Important Hamas leader Nazariyan was killed along with hwife and children.	The important leader of Hamas Nazaar Rayyan and family has been martyred.
There meeting of Security Council ended without any decision.	the other side the functions of  peace councils got closed, without any conclusion	Here the Security Council meeting concluded without any decision.	The Security Council session ended without any decision.
The condemning resolution presented by Libia and other Arab countries against Israel is facing American opposition in the meeting.	The conference was conducted against Isreal by Libya and other gulf countries, and the report was submitted to America	The meeting saw American opposition to the derogatory resolutions passed against Israel by Libya and other Arab countries.	America has opposed the censure resolution against Israel submitted by Lebia and other Arab countries in the session.
The civilian population of Philistine is under attack by the Israeli Air force for last many days.	From the last few days there has been bombing by Israeli planes on the Palestinian civilian population.	Israel's jet planes have been bombarding on the residential areas of Palestine for last many days.	Israeli airplanes bombardment is continued since many days on Palestinian civil population.
The world showed strong reaction over Mumbai attacks but no one, including Great Britain and US is reacting over the violence of Israel.	The whole world cried out about the Mumbai issue, but the Israeli attacks do not seem a massacre to anyone including America and Britain.	Every country around the world began to protest against the Mumbai attacks but can't anyone see this brutality including America and Britain?	The whole world reacted on Mumbai attacks but no country including America and England can see bloodshed caused by Israeli attacks.
Why the leading Muslim countries are silent?	Why are the important Islamic countries quiet?	Why are the major Muslim countries quiet?	Why the major countries of Muslim world are silent?
What would you say on world's double standard?	What do you want to say about this double standard of the world?	What is your opinion on these double standards of the world.	What will you wish to say on this double standard of the world.
Saeed, New York.	Saeed, New York	Saeed, New York.	Saeed, New York
I think the problem lies in the illiteracy of our nation. People do not know how their money is spent. Govt. is solving its problems by introducing new taxes. Power and Gas crisis will remain unsolved	I think that actually, most of our people are illiterate. They do not know where their money is going. The government fixes taxes and likes to fulfill its duties, the electricity and gas crisis will not be like this.	In my opinion, the basic fact is that most of our people are uneducated and they don't even know where their money is actually going. Government is interested in doing it's job properly by applying and collecting taxes. Shortfall of electricity and gas will continue in the same manner.	I think the actual point that the majority of our nation in illetrate. They even dont   know where their money is going to. Government  is interested in applying taxes and fullfil their duties. Electricity and Gas shortage will remain same.
Every body knows the real faces of people's elected representatives.	Because everyone knows the role of those selected by the people.	Because everyone knows about the character of those who have been elected by our own nation.	Because who are elected by public are very well known
Power crisis has become worst in Pakistan.	The electricity and gas crisis across Pakistan has taken a serious position.	Crisis of electricity and gas all over Pakistan has become a critical state.	The crisis of electricity and gas has worsen in whole of the Pakistan
On the other hand price of Gas has been increased by 18%. While due to unavailability of petrol, people are facing sever difficulties.	On the other side, there was an increase of an average of 18% in gas rates, while the unavailability of petrol in some cities has become a cause of great difficulty for the public.	On the other hand the GAS tariff has been raised to 8% where as in some cities due to the non availability of the petrol is increasing the difficulties and miseries of the masses.	, on the other hand gas prices have been raised by average 8, while in few cities unavailability of petrol created immense worry for people.
The business and industrial communities of Pakistan are violently protesting against power and Gas crisis.	Among the manufacturing and business circles, there are strong protests and severe reactions going on, to the long power cut and gas crisis.	Due to the long load shedding of electricity and gas crisis in Pakistan's industrial and business sector, there is a severe reaction. Riots and violent protests are taking place.	Intense reactions, riots and torturous demonstration are continued in the industrial and business circles of Pakistan against the crisis of electricity and gas.
The producers have given the ultimatum to close the factories.	Industrialist have given an ultimatum before closing the factories.	Industry holders gave ultimatem to stop mills.	Industrialists have threatened a shutdown ultimatum.
Here in Karachi, the public is perturbed over the 8-10 hour load shedding.	Here there is growing anxiety among those dwelling in  Karachi because of eight to ten hours electricity load shedding	Here there is unbelivable situation in cities by the load shedding of light in Karachi from 8 to 10 hours.	In Karachi people are worried due to 8 to 10 hours load shedding.
The production life cycle has become practically paralyzed.	Industrial activities have almost paralyzed.	The industrial became aproximatly hand less and feet less.	Industrial sector is almost paralyzed.
The government institutions are blaming each other to express their stand.	Government department are playing a blame game on each other	Government institutes are showing their openions by blaming one another.	Government Institutions are expressing their opinion by blaming each other.
Are the talks of increasing the prices of electricity and gas not a joke against the nation?	isn't under these circumstance the proposals for increasing electricity and gas tariff a joke with the people?	Talks with nation of increase the prices of electric and gas in not a jok.	Increasing the prices of electricity and gas is not a joke with people?
Why is attention not being paid to solve the problems.	Why is attention not being given in resolving the issues?	Why did not pay attention to solve these problems.	Why the solutions of the problems are not considered?
Are the wheels of national development not seeming jammed to the government?	Can the government see the failing of the country's economy?	The government is not going to work for upwards.	Is government not seeing the full stop on national development?
What immediate steps can you suggest to gain control over this crisis?	To counter these problems for the short term, what suggestions do u have?	What will you suggest about the control this big problem.	What steps you will instantly recommend for managing this crisis?
Let us know of your opinions.	Please inform us about your opinion.	Aware me about your openion.	Let us know your opinion.
Imran Khokhar, Madina Munawwarah, I want to say that, as the people, the rulers.	Imran Khokar from Madina Munawara Saudi Arabia, I want to say the way the people are, they get similar leaders.	After the loss of Imram, that as there are people as there are commonders.	Imran Khokar from MadÄ«nah Munawwarah, â€œI would like to say that rulers are a reflection of societyâ€™s morality.
I am surprised that they are giving difficulty to the public who called for a democratic government.	I am surprised that government carrying slogan of public service is itself hurting them.	I wonder those who shout slogans for an administration of the public create nuisance to the public.	I am surprised that a government claiming to be peopleâ€™s friendly is unfriendly to the people.
The unavailability of electricity, gas and petrol has become a torture.	unavailability of electricity, gas and petrol has become a persecution.	It is torture not to get jelly, petroleum and gas.	Non-Availability of electricity, gas and petrol has become a menace.
There is no control over government institutions.	Government has no control over the institutions.	Government departments have lost control.	The government does not have any control over the institutions.
The law and order situation is getting worse, day to day. May Allah have mercy on this country.	Law and order situation is deteriorating every day, may Allah bestow his mercy on this country.	Law and order has been degenerated. May Allah show his mercy  on this country of ours.	The law and order situation is worsening day by day. May Allah have mercy on the country.
The New Year started.	new year has started.	A new year has begun.	It's beginning of a new year.
The previous year was a year of protests and political ups and downs. It will also be remembered for terrorism.	last year was the year of outbreaks and political ups and downs. it will also be remembered in reference to the terrorism.	Last year was a year of political turmoil and chaos. The year will be remembered for terrorism too.	Previous year was a year of fun and political tactics, it is also remembered by terrorism
The removal of President Musharraf from power, and President Bush's eight year regime coming to an end, Bush getting shoes thrown at and the establishment of a democratic government in Pakistan, sudden calamities, the earthquake of Balochistan, the global financial crisis and depression.	stepping down of President Musharf and the end of the eight years rule of president Bush, throwing of shoes on Bush and formation of democratic government in Pakistan, calamities, earthquake in Baluchistan, global financial slump and monopoly.	President Musharaf's stepping down from power, the end of President Bush's eight years' reign, the slinging of chappals to Bush, the rethroning of democracy in Pakistan,the unexpected disasters, the earthquake in Baloochistan, the financial melt down all over the world,the depression in the market	It was an end of president Musharraf and end of eight year reign of president Bush, rain of boots on bush and southern rule in Pakistan, Earthquake in Baluchistan, Downfall of economy throughout the world, Heavy marketings
Now a new year has arrived, how do you see the new year?	new year is arriving, how do you foresee the new year?	The new year has set in. How do you feel now at the new year's arrival?	Its the eve of new how you see the previous year?
According to you, what color will the political and geographic scenario take, and what wise steps will Obama implement?	in your opinion, what will be the result of the political or geographical situation. what will be the Obama's strategy?	In your opinion, What colour will the political and geographical situations in the country take? What tricks will Obama adopt?	From your what will be the political and geographical conditions what will be the policy of Obama?
Is there any hope of moving towards eradication of terrorism?	is there a hope of a development towards eliminating terrorism.	Is it possible to predict an end to the threatening terrorism?	Is there any fast results in end of terrorism?
will the judicial crisis in Pakistan come to an end?	Is the judicial crisis of Pakistan will finish?	Will the judicial crisis in Pakistan come to an end?	Will Pakistani courts end?
what direction will the Indo-Pak relation take?	What shape Pakistan and India relationship will adopt?	What turn will the Indo-Pak relations take?	what will be the relations between Indo - pak?
is there a chance of surgical strikes or a full fledge war?	Is there a chance of surgical strike or full scale war?	Is there any chance of a surgical strike or a full-fledged war?	Is there any situation of immediate wars?
what are you expectation from the new year?	What expectations do you have from the new year?	What are your expectations for the new year?	From new year what are your resolutions?
please provide your feedback.	Inform us about your opinion	Share your opinion.	Guide us with your Ideas.
First death anniversary of Benazir Bhutto Shaheed is being celebrated. she was martyred on 27th of December, 2007 after a  congregation at the Liaqat Bagh in Rawalpindi.	The first anniversary of Benazir Bhutto is being celebrated,she was martyred in an election rally at Liaquat Garden Rawalpindi on 27 December 2007.	It is the first death anniversary of Benazir Bhutto. She was slain after an election rally in Liaqat Bagh, Rawalpindi on 27th December 2007.	The first anniversary of Shaheed Benazir Bhuttu is being celebrated. She was being assisinated on 27th december,2007 in Liaquat Garden Rawalpindi while addressing a rally
Benazir is no more amongst us, she was a statesman, politician and world famous personality and had a unique status in national politics.	Today Benazir is not within us,she was a seasoned politician and a personality of international repute,she had a unique status in the countries politics.	Benazir is not among us today. She was a thoughtful politician and a world reknowned figure. She held a special status in national politics.	Today Benazir is not amongst us.She was a respected politician and a globally renowned personality. She held a valuable place in the countries democracy
One year has gone by but the mystery of her martyrdom has not yet been resolved.	The mystery of her killing has not been solved till today.	Although it's been a year now yet the enigma of her death remains unsolved.	One year has passed, till today the case of her murder has not been resolved
her efforts in bringing democracy in Pakistan and formation of government have not gone in vain.	Her efforts to establish government and democracy in the country has not been wasted.	Her efforts to bring democracy to Pakistan were not in vain.	Her efforts didnot go in vain for the restoration of democracy and the formation of government in Pakistan
Today Pakistan has a democratic government and her husband Asif Ali Zardari is holding the chair of the president.	Today, a democratic government has been established in Pakistan and her husband Asif Ali Zardari is holding the office of the President of the State.	Today a democratic government exists in Pakistan and her husband Asif Zardari currently holds the position of Pakistan President.	Today a democratic Government has been established in Pakistan and her husban Asif Ali Zardari is being appointed as the president
How do you see the role of Shaheed Benazir Bhutto in Pakistan politics?	how do you see Shaheed Benazir's role in Pakistan's politics?	What do you think is the role of martyr Benazir Bhutto in Pakistani politics?	How do you visualize the role of Benazir Bhutto Shaheed in the politics of Pakistan
whose hand is behind the killing of her?	Who can be behind her martyrdom?	Who can be behind murdering her?	Who could have been behind her assisination?
recently she has been awarded by the Human right Organization for her work in politics and democracy, what do you have to say on it	she was recently awarded with the global award for human rights. what would you like to say about her political and democratic services.	Recently,, she was given the global human rights award. What would you like to say about her democratic and political services?	Recently she had been awarded with the global award for the human rights. What do you say about her political and democratic efforts
President Bush after completing his 8 years tenure of the Government from white house he reached Presidential Camp Office Camp David so that white house can be decorated according to the wish of President Barack Obama	after ruling America for 8 years, president Bush has departed from the White House and shifted to the president camp office in Camp David so that the White House can be renovated according to the new president Barak Obama's likings.	After ruling over America for eight years, President Bush left the White House, for presidential camp office, Camp David, so that the White House can be decorated and prepared for new President Barack Obama, according to his wishes.	The US president bush ruled 8 year after the government to the White House and leaving Camp David presidential camp Office transferred to the White House, so that the new President Barak Obama to the wishes of the worked can be prepared by.
In 8 years tenure of President Bush ,America has witness historical attack on World trade Center and its destruction, Pentagon attack and in a wake of war against terrorist entered in to military invasion in Afghanistan and Iraq and dragging different countries into this war and using American resources on it became the memorable things.	During Bush's eight years rule, the historical attacks and destruction of the World Trade Center, attack on Pentagon and then in the name of war against terror, attacking Afghanistan and Iraq and involving forces from other countries into the war and use of American resources in it have become memorable examples of his time.	In Bush's eight year presidency, the historic World Trade Center attack, the attack on the Pentagon, the action against Afghanistan and Iraq in the name of a global war against terrorism, in which armies of many countries were pulled into the war, and American resources were completely exhausted, were some of the memorable events of the Bush era.	Bush term of eight-year-old in America in the World Trade Center and attacked a historic destruction, the Pentagon Mantua attack and against the terrorism in the international war in Afghanistan and Iraq, the military action in the forces of the countries in this war the American resources full use of Bush and became memorabilia examples.
due to this war America is facing the historically Economic and Monetary crisis	due to this war America itself faced the worst ever economical and financial crisis in history.	As a result of this war, America had to face the worst economic and financial crisis in history.	The war of US in the history faced the economic and financial crisis.
what do you think, this war resulted in benefit or loss for the world?	what do you think the world achieved and lost through this war?	What do you think the world got and what do you think they lost, as a result of this war?	What do you think about the gains and loses this world has earned because of the war.
did the policy of President bush was successful ?	were the policies of Bush successful?	Were the policies of President Bush successful?	Did President Bush's policies succeed?
what is your opinion on President bush tenure?	what is your opinion on president Bush's rule?	What are your views of the Bush era?	The Government of President Bush's opinion on you?
Indian Government has stop Indian cricket team to visit Pakistan	the Indian government has stopped the Indian cricket team from visiting Pakistan.	The Indian government has stopped the Indian cricket team from touring Pakistan.	Indian Government has stopped Indian team from tour of Pakistan.
The India cricket team is scheduled to play three tests, five one day and one twenty twenty match on its Pakistan tour.	The Indian cricket team was supposed to play three tests, five one day matches and one 20-20, during the tour of Pakistan.	The Indian Cricket Team had to play three tests, five one day matches and one 20 twenty on Pakistan Tour.	Indian team during tour to Pakistan had to play three test, five one day matches and one twenty twenty match.
Vice president of Indian cricket board Mr. Ragiv Shukla told Geo News that he has sought permission for the tour of Pakistan from Indian government but due to current tensions between the two counties the tour has been canceled.	Rajiv Shekhla, the Vice President of the Indian Cricket Board, in an interview with Jeev News said that the board had asked the government for permission to go on the Pakistan tour, but due to the difficult situation in the two countries, the tour was not possible.	The Vice-President of the Indian Cricket Board Rajeev Shukla who spoke to the news said that the board has asked the Government to allow the Pakistan Tour but because of the serious matters between the two countries this tour is not possible.	Indian Cricket new leader Rajiv Shukla speaking on Zee News said board has requested for tour to Pakistan  but as there is a cold war between two countries this tour is not possible
Is the Indian Governments initiative not to allow the cricket team to visit Pakistan on grounds of political reasons justified? Can't sports be kept aside from politics?	Is the Indian government's decision to cancel the trip in view of the present political situation a proper step? Should sports not be separated from politics?	Is it right to use available political issue of the Indian government as the passport to cancel the cricket tour, the games must not be kept away from politics?	Is Indian government not allowing cricket team for tour is justified, game should be kept aside of other issues?
Is the Indian Government's decision counter productive for cricket?	Is the Indian government's decision not harmful for cricket?	Isn't the decision of the Indian Government towards cricket a loss?	India view for cricket is not harmful?
Despite security concerns English team visited India then why can't the Indian team continue its tour of Pakistan.	Despite the fact that the security condition in India is bad, the England cricket team is continuing its tour, so why can't the Indian team make the tour of Pakistan?	Even though the security in India was poor, the English Cricket Team tour was going on, so why don't the Indian team do the Pakistan Tour?	Indian security system is not good instead of which English cricket team tours India then does India should not tour Pakistan?
What is you opinion is this regards?	What is your opinion on this?	What is your opinion in this regard?	In this matter what is your opinion.
Salman from Karachi	Salman, Karachi	Salman, Karachi.	Salman Karachi
Those people who feel proud of visiting India	Those people who are proud about going to India	People who feel proud on going to India.	People who are proud to go to India
and direct or produce their videos in India should open their eyes that what response India is giving.	and they make their films and videos over there, their eyes should open now, as to how much the people of India respect you.	And their films and videos which are made there, now their eyes must open to see that how much the Indian people respect you.	And make their films and own Videos  should now open their eyes and see that how Indians respect you
I remember an interview of Adnan Sami in which he said that he is not Pakistani national but a British.	I remember an interview of Adnan Sami, in which he said that he is not Pakistani, rather, his citizenship is of England.	I remember one interview of Adnan Samee where he said I am not a Pakistani, my popularity is British.	I remember an interview of adnan sami in which he said that I am not a Pakistani, my nationality is British.
Adnan Sami should come back to Pakistan at the first opportunity, because he did not get honor there either.	Adnan Sami should return to Pakistan first chance he gets because respect did not suit you there either.	Adnan Sami needs that he should come to Pakistan at first opportunity because respect did not suited him even there.	Adnan Sami should come back to Pakistan in first chance because he is not to be respested there as well
Farid Ahmad	Fareed Ahmed	Fareed Ahmad	Fareed Ahmed
Karachi	Karachi	Karachi	Karachi
After the Mumbai attacks, the mode of the Indians have changed.	Indian's attitude has changed after Bombay Attacks.	Indians attitude have changed after Mumbai attack.	Indians got a change in their attitude after Mumbai attacks
Jagjeet Singh reacted by expressing that he hates Pakistan and Pakistanis.	Jagjit Singh has showed his reaction in this way that he hates Pakistan and Pakistani.	Jagjit showed his reaction in this form that he hates Pakistan and Pakistani.	Jugjeet singh started hating Pakistan and Pakistanis as its reaction.
It should be known that Adnan Sami has sung with Asha Bhonsle and how has he become helpless now? Adnan Sami should stay in India. There is no need for him to come here.	One should know that Adnan Sami has sung with Asha Bhonsley. How is he a bad singer now? Adnan Sami Should stay in India, there is not need to come here.	it should be known that Adnan Sami sung seven songs of Asha Bhosla, now how can he be out of tune, Adnan Sami should stay in India, no need to come here.	The point to ponder is that Adnan Sami has sang songs with Aasha Bhonsle.So he is not a bad voiced singer.Adnan Sami should stay in India,no need to come there.
Muhammad Shamshad Aalam,	Muhammad Shamshaad Alam	Muhammad Shamshad Alam	Muhammad Shah AAlam
Karachi. I will only say so much about Jagjeet Singh, that he too changes colors like a chameleon,	Karachi, On the statement of Jagjit Singh, I would only say that he changes color like a chameleon.	Karachi, i will only say this on the statement of Jagjit Singh that he changes color like a chameleon.	Regarding Jagjit Singh I would tell that he changes colors like a chameleon .
and speaks on the occasion. Pakistanis, open your eyes and see how much you are respected in India. Do not be dull minded.	Who gives statements in relation to the circumstances. Pakistanis! open your eyes to how much value you are given in India. Understand their mentality.	Who gives statements suitable to situation Pakistanis open your eyes that how much you are given worth in India, understand the thinking of Hindu.	The one who is taking care of situation gives opinion about it.The people of pakistan open up your eyes and see that you are greatly respected in India.Understand their feelings.
After the Mumbai incident, their hate filled speech has increased. Now they are spreading poison about famous singer Adnan Sami.	After the Bombay incident, there hateful statements have increased. The same people are now saying evil against the famous singer Adnan Sami.	After the Mumbai incident, their hateful statements have increased now they are spitting poison against popular singer Adnan Sami.	After the Mumbai attack their feeling of hate has increased.Now they are talking against the famous singer Adnan Sami.
according to a foreign news agency, during his final visit to Iraq when American president Bush along with Iraqi president Noori Almaliki were in a press conference in his office, the situation went ludicrous when an Iraqi journalist while addressing President Bush said "You dog this is a farewell kiss"	According to foreign news agencies, in the farewell trip of American President George Bush, during a press conference with the Prime Minister Nur-al-Maliki, in his office, the situation became hilarious when an Iraqi journalist called Bush saying "Dog, this is a farewell kiss".	Without my permission at all, a dream takes place in my mind. I must have a house in a beautiful evergreen valley. There must be flowering trees on top of the hill.	According to foreign news agency the situation has become funny when President Bush along with Prime Minister Noor Almalki in press conference at his office in Baghdad when an Iraqi journalist said to President Bush, ""Dog, this is farewell kiss"".
after that the journalist removed his shoe and threw it towards Bush. president Bush expertly ducked before the shoe could hit and saved himself.	After this, the journalist took his shoe off and threw it at Bush. President Bush ducked with expertise and saved himself from getting hit by the shoe.	Each morning at least one among the flowers that fall from the trees should reach the valley, where my small nest-like house situates.	After this journalist removed his shoe and threw it at Bush, President bush expertly moved his head out of the way and saved himself.
second shoe hit the American Flag.	The second shoe hit the American flag.	The second thing was that about your future.	Second shoe hit the American flag.
Security personnels dragged the journalist away from there.	Security agents pulled this journalist away from there.	At night, while sleeping on the terrace, I must be able to view the whole star bloomed sky.	Security officials dragged him out of there.
at this point, president Bush said that he didn't know why he had done so , Shoe was of number 10, I had no problem.	On this occasion, President Bush said that he did not know why he did that, the shoe was of size ten, he was not bothered.	Seeing the melting mist in the valley, seeing the gold- bangled hands working in the tiled kitchen, watching my hard work blooming up in the compound.	On this occasion President Bush said I don't know why he did this, shoe was of size 10, I was not bothered.
do you think this reaction of the journalist wasn't an expression of deprecation or President bush from the Iraqi people?	In your opinion, does this action of the journalist show the anger of the Iraqi public against President Bush.	Looking at the twinkling stars, feeling the softness of fondling fingers, inhaling the fragrance of night jasmine.	Do you think that this action by the journalist depicts the anger of Iraqi people against President Bush.
what would you say on this incident?	What do you say about this incident?	What is your opinion about this?	What will you say about this?
The tension between Pakistan and India's relations after the terrorism in Mumbai got further intense when the fighter planes from the Indian Air force violated the Pakistani airspace in Lahore and Kashmir sectors.	After the Mumbai terror incidents, the tension in Indo-Pak relations escalated to a grave extent, when Indian Air Force war planes violated Pakistani air space in the Lahore and Kashmir sectors.	By wearing a mask repeatedly, you have lost your face. You have developed the art of having the brightness of truth even while uttering point blank lies.	After the terrorists attacks on Mumbai the tension between India and Pakistan relations worsen when fighter planes of Indian Air Force violated the air space limit of Pakistan in Lahore and Kashmir sectors.
as a result of retaliation from Pak Air force, the Indian planes were forced to go back.	Due to the reaction of the Pakistani Air Force, the Indian planes were forced to go back.	I was always dominated by an uncontrollable thirst for affection.	Due to the counter action of Pakistan Air Force Indian planes were forced to return.
sources say that both Indian planes were loaded with ammunition.	According to sources, both Indian planes were full of weapons and ammunition.	When my problem is something concerned with money.	According to resources both Indian planes were fully armed.
It is the first incident of its nature in the present strained situation.	This is the first of its kind incident in the current tensed situation.	There are many problems faced the people in the world. It is not under the control of human beings.	In the current tensed situation it is the first incident of its own kind.
Pakistan Air Force has affirmed that it is absolutely ready to defend the country .	Pakistan Air Force says that Air Force is all set for country's air defense.	I think it is mainly by people not think properly, what is the real cause.	Pakistan Air Force says that Air Force is fully vigilant to defend the country.
Federal Minister of Information Sherry Rehman has stated that the Indian leaders have acknowledged the violation of Pakistani airspace, however this happened by mistake.	Information Minister Sherry Rahman says that Indian officials have accepted that aerial boundaries have been crossed. Although, this happened by mistake.	The consequence of the fact that it is very dangerous to face the problems that arise in the world future.	Minister of Information Sherry Rehman says India has admitted that it was a violation of air space limit, however it was a mistake.
Pakistan's military sources have declared that this is a grave incident.	Pakistan military sources have declared this incident felonious.	Today itself start for the well beings of the people	Pakistan Army resources declared this incident as crucial.
Do you think India really intends to launch an air raid on Pakistan?	In your opinion, does India really have an intention of air strike on Pakistan?	What did the people seriously think about that?	Do you think India really intends to launch an air attack on Pakistan?
Is India's claim true, about the violation of Pakistani airspace being a mistake, or is India trying to cover up an attempt made to annalyze the capability of Pakistan Air Force?	Is this statement of India correct that this violation was a mistake or this was to find out the ability of Pakistan Air force.	Poverty, financial crisis, diseases are the main challenges that people going to face in the world in future.	Is India's claim is correct that this violation was a mistake or it was objected to measure the capability of Pakistan Air Force.
This incident will cause an increase in tension between the two countries?	Is this incident not going to aggravate the current estrangement among the two countries?	Why did the people think about the consequences of the dangerous calamities affected the people?	Not this incident will increase tension between the two countries?
Share your opinion.	Please inform us with your comments.	Start today for that. Are you ready.	Tell us your opinion.
Benazir Bhutto was posthumously awarded the UN Human Rights prize, which was received by her son, Chairman of Peoples' Party Bilawal Bhutto Zardari.	Respected martyr Benazir Bhutto was given the International Award for Human Rights after her death, which was received by her son and chairperson of the People's Party Bilawal Bhutto Zardari.	We are firmly take a decision today. How to solve the problems. It is not merely easy. It is very risk task. First of all we have the good mind and attitude towards that.	Benazir bhutto martyred after human rights of the Hart International Award was his son and the Chairman of the people's party has received bilawal Bhutto Zardari.
This award was given to the former Prime Minister of Pakistan, slain Benazir Bhutto, in acknowledgement of her contribution towards human rights, in a function held during one of the meetings of the General Assembly in UN Headquarters.	During a session of General Assembly in United Nations headquarters, former prime minister of Pakistan, martyr Benazir Bhutto was presented with this award for acknowledgment of her efforts for human rights in a ceremony.	The world faced many calamities such as earthquake. flood, Tsunami etc. But we have not known yet to take precautionary measures to overcome that. We have taken after the calamities. Our scientists to find necessary steps for that	The United Nations in the Office of the President of the meeting of the General Assembly during a function of Pakistan in the former prime minister Benazir Bhutto  to human rights of the services of this award in the Nawaz.
The 17th birthday of humaan rights was celebrated by United States.	The 60th anniversary of the passing of the human rights resolution by the United Nations was celebrated on the 10th of December.	from United Nation side made a 60 birthday on 10/December for Human Rights resolution.	On behalf of the UN resolution of the human rights through political confrontation of the birthday was celebrated on December 10.
On this event the personalities and institutes which are rewarded in the declare of human rights, from them except Nazir Bhutto American past president General Lotis Ramray Kalarak all the workin for human rights all over the world,	Among those people and institutes being recognized with honors on the occasion, for working for human rights, apart from Benazir Bhutto, were former American Attorney General, Louis Ramsey Clark and Human Rights Watch, the organisation that works around the world for human rights.	at his oucation to accept work for human rights personalities and organization have been awarded in which Benazir Bhutto and also America ex-Attorney Cornall Lewis Rams Clark and international organization work for Human Rights Human Rights Watch included.	On this occasion, the human rights to work for the recognition of the personalities and institutions are being given to the awards in America, Benazir Bhutto, the former Attorney General Luis ramrase throughout the world Clark and Human Rights to the international organization Human Rights Watch.
On this time, Pakistani ambassador Abdullah Hussain Taron and other Pakistani center ambassadors persons were also present in United States.	On this occasion, the Pakistani Ambassador to the United Nations, Abdullah Husain Harun and other senior embassy agents were present.	at that time Pakistani Diplomat in United Nation Abdullah Hussain Haroon and some other Senior diplomats also present .	In this occasion Pakistan's ambassador to Abdullah Hussain Haroon and other senior diplomatic officials were also present.
What will you say at getting past prime minister Baynazir this award?	What do you say about the former martyr Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto receiving this award?	what you say about Ex-prime minster Benazir Bhuto Martyr   received this Award	What is your opinion on former prime minister Benazir Bhutto receiving an award.
Samir.	Samir	September.	Sameer
Shikago.	Chicago	Chicago.	Chicago
It is true that it was determined but we remember it also that how many non criminal persons they murdered?Upon it she has proud that Nasirullah Babur did a good deed today.	It is true that she was martyred, but we also remember how many innocent people she killed in Karachi, upon which she was proud that Nasirullah Babar did well.	this is true that she has martyred but we also remember that she killed many innocent in Karachi that she proud of that Naiseer Ullah Baber has done a great job.	Its true that they were killed but we feel sorry that they killed many innocent people in Karachi,at which they feel proud that Naseer Ullah Baber did a good job
Bur she changed after it totally.	But later, she changed totally.	But than she totally changed.	But later,changed at all.
But it is also true that she ignored the caniters of its party also and chosen his son for the representative of People Party.How is it democratic.	It is also true that she ignored the senior members of her party, and made her son the representative of Peoples Party. What kind of democracy is that?	but this is also true that he neglect senior people in his party and chose his son as a party leader what Democracy is this?	But it's also true that they ignored the seniors of their party and nominated their own son as the representative of People's Party.What sort of democracy is it?
Juma Noor,Karachi,It proved this Quranic saying that unbeliever help unbeliever.	Jami Noor, Karachi, This news proves that disbelievers will only help disbelievers.	Jimmy Noor, Karachi, this news proved Quran that said that Non-believer will support only Non-Believer.	Jimmy Noor,Karachi,This news has proved Quran's statement that a non Muslim will actually help an other non Muslim.
Until the metal of the axe has a grip attached to it till then it cannot chop off the wings.	But until the iron ax is not fitted with a wooden handle, it cannot cut a wing.	An axe cant cut the wood until it does not have wooden handle	But if the iron axe doesnt contains the handle,it can' cut any thing.
And our leaders have a idea of this therefore they are using it to make secret plans.	Our rulers are just like this, that they are adopting secretive ways. This is why calamities are befalling the country.	Our rulers are responsible for the hardships and problems our country is in.	Our leaders own these styles,they are adopting secret ways,that's why our country is suffering with hardships.
God help our leaders.	May Allah guide our rulers.	May God bless our rulers with rightness	May Allah Almighty show the right path to our leaders.
The security council of United Nations included the names of Hafiz Saeed and 3 other Pakistani's along with the Jamat Al Dawa and 5 other groups into the Terrorists list.	The Security Council panel of the United Nations have included the name of Hafiz Sa'eed as well as two other Pakistani citizens and that of Jama'athud Da'wah as well as four other organisations into the list of terrorists.	A panel of UN's Security council has included the names of Hafaiz Saeed and three other Pakistanis in the list of terrorists.	Panel of people council stated, Including sayeed three Pakistani civilians and Jamate Alqaidas five people names have been given in the list of terrorists.
The Taliban and Al Qaeda sanctions committee of the United Nations gave the approval of including the names of the following individuals into the Terrorists list, they are Hafiz Muhammad Saeed of Jameetae Dawa, The operations Chief of Lashkarae Tayyaba Hafeez Zaki ur Rehman and leader of Shoiaba Al Maliyat Haji Muhammad Ashraf.	The Pakistanis whose names were included in the terrorist list by the Al-Qaidah and Taliban Sanctions Committee of the Security Council included Jama'athud Da'ah chief, Hafiz Mohammad Saeed, practically non-existent organisation Lashkar-e-Taiba Operation Chief, Zakiur Rahman Lakhwi and Financial Chief Haji Mohammad Ashraf.	The names of Hafiz Mohammad saeed (the chief jamat-ul-dawa),Rehman Lakhvi (Lashkar-i-taiba's chief of Operations), and haji Mohammad Ashraf (Lashar-i-taiba's Head of finance) have been included in the list of terrorists. This list approved by the Security Council's committee on Alqaida and Taliban.	Security council of Alkaida and Taliban committee have given green signal to list these Pakistanis in the list of terrorists in this list jamaate Alkaidas Amir hafiz mohammed sayeed, adham tanzim Lashkare Tayibas chief Zaki Rhman Laqvi, Shohaib waliyats master Haji mohammed Ashraf are listed.
other than these a Saudi individual Mehmood Ahmed Bazeek has also been included in the Terrorist list.	Apart from this, a saudi national, Mahmood Ahmad Bazek was also included in the list of terrorists.	Beside these, a saudi citizen Mehmood Ahmed's name is also part of the this list of terrorists.	Apart from this a saudi civilian mahmood ahmed basik name is also list in terrorists list.
Among these groups Jametae Dawa, Pasbane Kashmir, Al Rasheed Trust and Al Akhtar Trust International are included.	Among the organisations were Jama'athud Da'wah, Pasban Kashmir, ArRasheed trust, and Al-Akhtar trust International.	Jamat-ul-dawa, passban-i-kashmir and Alrashid trusts are included in these organizations.	In these organizations jamate Alqaida, Pashebaan Kashmir, Al Rasheed trust International are included.
The allied nations will instantly cease their accounts and funds, and have sanctions on travel and they will be arrested.	The member countries will immediately freeze all the assets of these individuals and organisations, they will be restricted from traveling and will be under arrest.	The member countries will freeze the assets of these personalities and organizations.These persons will not allow to travel and they will be arrested if travel led.	By law all these organizations and people properties has been undertaken and they were banned from traveling and they have been arrested
They will face a formal trial.	They will have to face cases.	They have to face the cases.	They have to face the court judgment
Are these sanctions under the influence of Indian propaganda?	These regulations are not as a result of Indian influence, are they?	Are not these sanctions  made under the influence of Indian propaganda?	were this restrictions part of Indian propoganda?
Why India Claims about this agencies for the Mumbai Blast without any proof?	Why is India accusing these organizations for being responsible for the Mumbai Attacks without any proof?	Why is India blaming these parties for the Bombay attacks without any proof?	Why is India without any evidence blaming these organizations for attacks on Mumbai?
Are the Terrorism Agencies are not in India?	Doesn't India have any local terrorist groups ?	Aren't there any terrorist groups in India?	Are there no terrorist organizations in India?
Do the UNO, has the knowledge for the blasts occurs in India?	Aren't the world organizations aware of the persecution of minorities in India?	Are International groups not aware of the tortures being done on the minorities in India?	In India How minorities are targeted is the world not aware of it?
Please provide us your suggestion.	Share your opinion with us.	Please inform us with your suggestions.	Tell us about your opinion
The festival of EID is the symbol for the happiest moment, and the followers of Allah sacrifes animals on EID Zuha for the remembrance of the sunnat carried out by Prophet Ibrahim.	Eid is a festival of happiness and serenity, and on Eid-ul-Azha, the muslims sacrifice a domestic animal, to commemorate the sacrifice of Prophet Ibrahim A.S. (Prophet Abraham)	Occasion of Eid represents happiness and joy and monotheists sacrifice animals following the tradition of Ibrahim.	Eid is the festival of joy and happiness and Muslims sacrifice animals on Eid ul Azha by following the Sunnah of Hazrat Ibrahim.
Even what ever may be the situations like, Inflation, Policital, and environmental, the people either rich or poor perform EID based on their capacity, and convey wishes to their friends and relatives with thier ways.	In these troubled times, when the inflation is at its peak and the government is highly unstable; yet everybody, poor or rich, prepares for Eid and wishes loved ones a Happy Eid in their own different ways.	During this turbulent time when inflation is at its peak, political situation is not promising, even after this rich and poor prepare for Eid within their means and wish their relatives a happy Eid in different ways.	Despite of this hard time when inflation is at peak political situation is worst, rich and poor make preparations for Eid according to their capabilities and wishes Eid to their dear ones by different ways.
We also provide a platform to you to convey your wishes to your loved ones in a simple way.	We are also giving you an oppurtunity to wish your loved ones eid greetings through our blog, in the form of short messages.	We are also providing you with the chance through this blog to wish your loved ones a happy Eid through short messages.	We also are providing you an opportunity through blog to wish Eid to your dear ones in form of short messages.
For EID, you can convey in the form of Peom or Peotry also	You can also send eid wishes in the form of short eid poems.	You can also wish by writing verses with reference to Eid	You can wish Eid through appropriate poetry.
Murtaza Gillani	-Murtaza Gilani	Murtaza Jilani.	Murtaza Jilani
Karachi:  our ministers has to understand that, they operation what they are carrying are the people who respects us, after many damages also they love us.	from Karachi, says, Our leaders should understand that the people they are targetting by their military operations, are the ones who are actually the true patriots, who are enduring all types of cruelty but continue to love Pakistan more than their own lives.	Karachi, our leaders should understand this that people, they are doing the operation against, are the true valuers of Pakistan, who are tolerating all kinds of tortures but they love Pakistan.	Our rulers should understand that the people they are fighting against are our own. Who are taking upon every problem because they love Pakistan
	If there would be war then they will fight for Pakistan.
	When their love would be felt, just condenming politics will not work. I think between both, there might be going a resulting war.
