Support of France's Recommendation	Supported Proposal of France	France supports the proposal 	France supported the proposal
The Committee meeting was held in Parliament House on Friday under the direction of Committee Chairman Mushahid Hussain Sayed, wherein it was recommended to the government that, in addition to sending relief supplies, it should also send a parliamentary delegation of the representatives of all political parties to Palestine.	The meeting of the committee in the parliament house on Friday in the leadership of the Committee Chairman Mushahid Hussain Syed, a parliamentary delegation of representatives of all political parties in the country in which it was suggested that the relief goods sent to Palestine.	committee's meeting at Parliament House on Friday, Chairman of the Committee in which was the leadership of Mushahid Hussain Sayed don't been suggested that the relief goods, as well as representatives of all political parties sent a parliamentary delegation of Palestine. 	Meeting of the Committee in the parliament house on Friday, the chairman of the committee under the chairmanship of Mushahid Hussain Sayed, in which don't put this proposal that relief goods, as well as representatives of all political parties a parliamentary delegation of Palestine.
After the meeting, Mushahid Hussain Sayed, while talking to the representative of the media, said the Committee has welcomed France's recommendation that Israel immediately call a ceasefire and permit relief activities for victims in Gaza.	Talking to the media after the meeting, Mushahid Hussain Syed said that the committee has welcomed the proposal given by France, which has said that Israel take immediate ceasefire and allow apart from the relief work for affected people in Gaza.	While talking to representatives of the media after the meeting, Mushahid Hussain Syed said that the committee has given to the France welcomed the proposal in which it has been said that Israel should take war immediately, as well as the relief work for the people affected in Gaza's allowed. 	Mushahid Hussain Sayed while talking to representatives of the media after the meeting, said that the committee has welcomed the proposal from France in which it has been said that Israel should cease immediately and allow relief operations for the victims of the earthquake in Gaza.
Declaring Israel's attack on Palestinians a crime against humanity, he said that all countries should condemn these attacks.	Declared a crime against humanity to attack by Israel, he said that all countries should condemn these attacks	He from Israel's attack on a crime against the humanity, said that all countries should condemned these attacks 	He from the Israeli side on attack as a crime against humanity, said that all countries should condemn the attacks
Targeting his criticism against their double standard, Mushahid Hussain questioned the silence of those who speak out against terrorism about Israel's attacks on Palestinians.	Target of criticism to double standards of the countries of the world, Mushahid Hussain said that the people are talking against terrorism, but he now on the attacks on Palestinians by Israel, why are silent.	Mushahid Hussain double standards in the countries of the world to make the target of criticism against the terrorism, said that the people of Israel, but they talk to are silent on the attacks on the Palestinians. 	Targeting Mushahid Hussain has criticized the double standard of the countries of the world, said that people who are talking in the war against terrorism, but he now why silent on the attacks on Palestinians from the Israeli side.
The Chairman of the Senate Standing Committee on Foreign Affairs also criticized the apathetic behavior of Muslim leaders on the problem in Palestine.	The Chairman of the Senate Standing Committee on foreign affairs on the frosty targeted criticism of the leaders of the Ummah.	Foreign Affairs, Chairman of the Senate Standing Committee on the on leaders of grace frosty also made the target of criticism. 	The chairman of the Senate Standing Committee on Foreign Affairs of On grace of the leaders of frosty also criticized the targeted.
He said that the committee is hopeful that the newly elected American president Barack Obama will address the Muslim world during his first 100 days in office so that the gulf between America and the Muslim world can be bridged.	He said that the committee expressed the hope that the newly elected President of the United States, Barak will address the Muslim Ummah during the first 100 days of his government, the Gulf created so between the United States and the Muslim Ummah could be abolished.	He said that the committee has expressed his optimistic that Barak, the newly elected President of the United States during the first 100 days of his government with the Muslim Ummah will address so the Gulf created between the United States and the Muslim Ummah to be eliminated. 	He said that the committee has expressed the prospect that the newly elected President of the United States Barak Obama will address the Muslim Ummah during the first 100 days of his government in order to end the rift between the United States and the Muslim Ummah.
Mushahid Hussain Sayed said that, not only should emergency steps be taken to fill the gap between the Muslim world and the West, but also old problems like those of Kashmir and Palestine should also be solved.	Mushahid Hussain Syed said that the space created between Muslims and the west to be resolved not only be emergency measures, but the old issues like Kashmir and Palestine.	Mushahid Hussain Syed said that the Muslim Ummah to fill the vacuum created between the West and not only emergency measures to be taken but be easier to solve problems like Kashmir and Palestine. 	Syed Mushahid Hussain said that between the West and the Muslim Ummah to fill the vacuum created not only for emergency measures be taken, but as long as Kashmir and Palestine issues should be resolved.
Malik Amad Khan, Minister of State for Foreign Affairs, told the Committee that he is going to Saudi Arabia to attend the meeting of foreign ministers for the Organization of Islamic Countries.	State Minister of Foreign Affairs country Ammad Khan told the committee that they are going to Saudi Arabia to participate in the meeting of the foreign ministers of the Organization of Islamic countries.	Minister of State for Foreign Affairs country Khan told the committee that the foreign ministers of the Organization of Islamic countries are Saudi Arabia to participate in the meeting. 	Minister of State for Foreign Affairs in the country Khan told the committee that they are going to Saudi Arabia to participate in the meeting of the foreign ministers of the Organization of Islamic countries.
This emergency meeting has been called as a result of Israel's attacks on Palestine. He said that the government is aware of the Palestine issue and is in contact with the leaders of other countries about it.	The emergency meeting was called by Israel as a result of the attacks on. He said that Palestine is aware of, and in this regard, the government is in touch with the leaders of other countries.	This emergency meeting on with Israel has been called in the wake of the attacks. He said that Palestine is aware of in this regard and the government is in contact with leaders of other countries. 	This emergency meeting from the Israeli side was called in as a result of the attacks. He said that the is aware of, and in this regard, The government is in touch with the leaders of other countries.
The Minister of State for Foreign Affairs said that the problem of Palestine should be solved according to the resolutions of the United Nations.	State Minister of Foreign Affairs said that Palestine should be resolved according to UN resolutions.	Minister of State for Foreign Affairs said that the grace of Palestine should be resolved according to the resolutions of the United Nations. 	Minister of State for Foreign Affairs said that the grace of Palestine should be resolved according to the resolutions of the United Nations.
Two journalists from Arab countries also participated in the meeting and reported the current situation in Palestine.	Two journalists belonging to the Arab countries have also participated in the meeting, and he informed the meeting about the latest situation in Palestine.	Arab countries belonging to the two journalists, who also attended the meeting and he has said about the present situation of Palestine in the meeting. 	Arab countries belonging to the two journalists, also attended the meeting and he has said about the present situation of Palestine in the meeting.
Meanwhile, students of the International University in Islamabad held a protest demonstration against Israeli attacks on Palestine.	Meanwhile in Islamabad, the International University students demonstrated against the Israeli attacks on Palestine.	Meanwhile, Islamabad international university students in a protest demonstration against the Israeli attacks on Palestine. 	Meanwhile in Islamabad, The International University students staged a protest demonstration against the Israeli attacks on Palestine.
The demonstrators were holding banners and signs featuring slogans against Israel.	The protesters raised banners and slogans against Israel were registered on which were set.	The demonstrators were banners and TMD on which slogans against Israel. 	Protesters carrying banners and also TMD were slogans against Israel.
Avoiding Dieting Can Prevent Flu	To Prevent Bird Flu to Avoid	From the flu to refrain from 	To avoid the flu refrain from
This finding by American scientists has emerged as a result of experiments performed on rats.	American scientists made on this research has emerged after the experiences.	American Scientists after the tests made on the research have come to the fore. 	American scientists research come after the tests.
The experiments proved that the ability to combat the flu virus was lower in rats who were kept on a low-calorie diet.	This experience has proved that we were set on the food was less capable of dealing with the flu virus.	Experiences proved that the less food to focusing on the flu virus in comparatively capability to deal with the reduced. 	Experiences proved that the kept on the food The ability to deal with the flu virus in comparison.
This research has proven wrong the old saying that "while suffering from fever, it is better to abstain from eating."	The research is proved the old adage has proved wrong, that fast in the fever to improve. &quot;	Research has proved wrong The old adage that it is proved to be better to starvation in 'fever'. 	Research, the old adage is better to starvation in fever that has proved wrong.
According to scientists, it is better to eat and drink a lot during a fever.	According to the scientists during fever-screening.	According to scientists, fever so during the eat 	According to the scientists, fever, during the eat milks.
Researchers from Michigan State University say that rats on a low diet were found to have less ability to fight off infection and an increased chance of mortality, while rats on a normal diet had greater resistance against the flu virus.	All investigations of State University says that take less ability to fight the infection was found, and the possibility of his death was also increased while normal food was much resistance power against the flu virus in the parties.	Investigation of State University who has said that cars in found very few capability TO fight Infection AND WAS also likely to Die OF them While Taking The Normal FOOD MORE Resistance Against the Flu VIRUS IN Power. 	Michigan State University, said that The investigation The Infection IN THE ability OF the Fight was FOUND, and the possibility Of Increased while the Normal FOOD Resistance POWER Against the Flu VIRUS IN MORE.
According to Professor Elizabeth Gardner, people on a diet will not only succumb quickly to the flu, but will also take longer to recover.	According to professor from bird flu, the people will not only affect very soon, but also that they will take more time.	Professor Elizabeth According to the flu not only to the people who will be affected but very soon in the them also will take more time. 	According to Professor Elizabeth Gardner to people not only from flu very soon will be affected, but they will take more time to recover.
She also says that even people who have taken the flu vaccine should avoid dieting during the winter months.	He also said that those people who have taken the flu vaccine, they should also refrain from during the winter months.	She also said that the people of the flu vaccine have been taking them to the winter also should to refrain from during the few months. 	says that the people who have taken the flu vaccine to the winter weather during the few months should refrain from.
First Nuclear Test Done in 1990	&quot;The First Nuclear Test Was in 1990.	'first nuclear experiment in 1990 was' 	'first nuclear test was in 1990.
Thomas Reed, who has worked as a weapon designer in America's Liver National Laboratory, wrote this book in cooperation with Danny Stillman, former Director of Technical Intelligence at Los Alamos National Laboratory.	Thomas red Unilever national laboratory in the United States are already working on the basis of this book is written with the cooperation of the technical intelligence, former Director of the National laboratory.	Thomas red Unilever National Laboratory of the United States in designer, are already working on the book of Los National Laboratory former director of the technical written with the cooperation of 	Thomas red from the United States, The National Laboratory in designer, has worked on the book of Los Alamos National Laboratory of technical, former director of Diana steelman with the cooperation of wrote.
In the book, entitled "Nuclear Express: The Political History and Spread of the Bomb," both writers have claimed that any country that has made an atomic bomb has either stolen nuclear secrets from another country or has done so with the support of another nuclear power.	It has been written and said that the two writers have claimed that the country has also made a nuclear bomb or from a book, the proliferation of nuclear express: The political history of the bomb and it, the title, are nuclear secrets, or any other country, then it is to get the cooperation of the other nuclear powers.	This book 'nuclear express: political history and the expansion of bomb' has been written, and the two writers have also claimed that the country has made nuclear bomb is he or any other country's nuclear secrets to or that of any other nuclear power cooperation is achieved. 	This book under the title of the spread of nuclear expressway: the political history of the bomb and this has been written and the two writers have claimed that the country has made nuclear bomb or any other country's nuclear secrets or any of the other nuclear power cooperation.
During one of the interviews with US News, Thomas Reed said that China tested Pakistan's first nuclear bomb in 1990, during the time of Benazir Bhutto.	Thomas Red said in an interview to the news that China has experienced Pakistan&apos;s first nuclear bomb in the era of Benazir Bhutto in 19 100 90.	Thomas Reid said in a news interview that in 1990 in the era of Benazir Bhutto China had the experience of Pakistan's first nuclear bomb. 	Thomas Reid said in an interview to the news that Benazir Bhutto in 1990 in the era of China The first nuclear bomb test.
He said that his belief that China tested Pakistan's first nuclear bomb is based on several reasons,	Thomas Red said that on the basis of many reasons, he is sure that China had experienced Pakistan&apos;s first nuclear bomb.	Thomas red said that on the basis of many reasons he was sure that China had the experience of Pakistan's first nuclear bomb. 	Thomas Reid said that on the basis of several reasons to believe that China has the first nuclear bomb test.
including the design of the bomb and information collected from conversations with Chinese scientists.	Reasons include the information obtained by the bomb during talks with the scientists of the design and China.	reasons in the bomb design and the China scientists mentioned During the conversation with Information. 	reasons in the design of the bomb and scientists OF THE China Information obtained during the Conversation.
He said that this is why Pakistan was able to respond in 1998 to India's nuclear test with their own test only two weeks and three days later.	He further said that the reason was that 19 100 in Pakistan had been able to only two weeks and nuclear test in response to India&apos;s nuclear test within three days.	He further said that this was the reason that only two weeks in Pakistan in 1998 and within three days in response to India's nuclear experience to nuclear experiment was able to. 	He further said that this was the reason that in 1998, only two weeks and was able to nuclear experiment in response to India's nuclear experience within three days.
Thomas Reed reminded the interviewer how, when Russia conducted a nuclear test in 1961, America responded with its own test only 17 days later, despite the fact that it had had the bomb for quite some time.	The Red Thomas reminded that 19 100 in Russia was the sudden nuclear test and it was organized 17 days in response to the experience in the United States, despite the fact that the United States have many times, the bomb was present.	Thomas red reminded that in 61 in Russia has suddenly nuclear experience and was in response to the United States were to experience began 17 days in despite the fact that the United States had the bomb from a long period. 	Thomas red reminded that in 61 Russia has suddenly there was a nuclear test and 17 days in response to experience in the United States, despite the fact that the United States has a long period from the bomb.
He added that the nuclear bomb, which Pakistan tested in May 1998, was very carefully made and Pakistani scientists had full confidence in it.	He further said that the May 19 100 in Pakistan, which had experienced a nuclear bomb he was made with great care and had full confidence on the Pakistani scientists.	He further said that the nuclear bomb in 1998 that Pakistan may experience of what was he was made from very carefully and confidence was to meet on the Pakistani scientists. 	He further said that the experience of the atom bomb Pakistan in May 1998, he was very carefully and the full confidence on Pakistani scientists.
When Thomas Reed was asked why China would provide Pakistan with nuclear technology, he responded that it is because India is a common enemy to both Pakistan and China.	Thomas red when this question was that China has provided Nuclear Technology to Pakistan, he said in reply, because India was the common enemy of Pakistan and China.	Thomas was red when this question that China has provided the nuclear technology to Pakistan, In response, He said as China and India was joint enemy of Pakistan. 	Thomas red when was this question that China has provided to Pakistan nuclear technology, He said in response to China, Pakistan and India as a common enemy.
He said that there is evidence that Dr. Abdul Qadir Khan used the Chinese design, and that this was later verified through documents acquired from Libya.	He said that the proof is present that Dr Abdul Qadeer Khan used only Chinese design, besides this, after the documents were obtained from Libya with them, it has been confirmed.	He said that it is also present proof of that Dr. Abdul Qadeer Khan after the Chinese design. apart from this, The obtained documents in Libya were is also confirmed it from them. 	He said that there is evidence that Dr. Abdul Qadeer Khan used the Chinese design, and later did the documents from Libya were also confirmed to them.
When asked whether it is common for countries to collaborate in nuclear testing, he gave the example of how America expressly conducted a nuclear test for Britain in 1990 in the Nevada desert.	To a question on what is common to jointly nuclear tests, he said, Turkey made open in the desert of the United States and Britain was for a nuclear test.	To another question whether the joint nuclear tests is common, He said in in the US Open in the desert of servants for Britain's nuclear experiment. 	On a question whether the joint nuclear tests is common, He said in in the United States open in the desert of detainees for Britain's nuclear experiment.
He said they also speculate that Israel was provided access to the results of this test.	He said that we also do this speculation that Israel was also provided access to the results of this experience.	He said that we are guesses also believed that Israel should also provide access to the results of the this experience. 	He said that it is that Israel should also provide access to the results of this experience.
Reed was also asked whether China has plans for continued nuclear expansion.	From Thomas red, this question was whether China has issued a program of nuclear proliferation.	Thomas Reid and this question was also is China's program of nuclear proliferation. 	Thomas Reid and the question was China's program of nuclear proliferation.
He responded that China has been providing raw materials, guidelines, and designs for nuclear installation in the Iranian city of Isfahan since 1991,	On this, Thomas Red said that 19 100 with China is providing the raw material for nuclear installation, instructions and set up in the city of Iran.	On this Thomas Reid said that in 1991 to set up in China city of Iran nuclear installation instructions for the raw material, and is provided. 	Thomas red said that in the Iranian city of China with 491 in Spain, the raw material for nuclear installation instructions and provides.
and has provided Iran with a production plant in Karaj.	Besides, China has also provided enrichment plant in Iran.	Besides this, China has provided of enrichment plant in Iran also. 	In addition to this, China, provided the enrichment plant in.
He said that China has been providing nuclear technology to Iran, Syria, Pakistan, Egypt, Libya and Yemen through North Korea.	He said that China is providing nuclear technology to Iran, Syria, Pakistan, Egypt, Libya and Yemen by North Korea.	He said that China, North Korea, Iran, Syria, Pakistan, through Egypt, Libya and Yemen is to provide nuclear technology. 	He said that China would provide nuclear technology to North Korea, Iran, Syria, Pakistan, Egypt, Libya and Yemen.
2008: A Great Year for Madonna	Best for Hearing	Sun 2008 for the best 	Listening to the 2008 for the best
The show was based on Madonna's album "Hard Candy" and featured a band of Ukrainian gypsies, or nomads, as well as a duet with Justin Timberlake.	The show was created,, the basis of, and it includes a song or two with Ukraine or civil band and Justin.	The show to 'hard was put together by scoring the basis and the Ukraine in this family or nomadic band and a couple of songs with Justin also was included. 	This show of 'hard Hindu' was put together on and gipsy or nomadic band of Ukraine and Justin was also a couple of songs.
An old racing car was also placed onstage.	It was kept on an old car.	This in an old car was also on the stage. 	In an old car was also kept on the stage.
It was the most profitable show since that of Celine Dion in 2008, bringing in $236.6 million.	The year 2000 was the second most successful show the terms of the profit of 8 million million dollars which were obtained.	2002 a profit of eight with regards to the second most successful show in which was Wembeldon million get sixty million dollars. 	2002 profit of eight of the second was the most successful show in which Wembeldon million sixty million dollars were obtained.
While the Canadian show "Taking Chances" visited twenty-four countries, Madonna went to only seventeen countries as part of her first world tour in the last eight years.	Canadian show,, visited 24 countries and were in only 17 countries, which was the first international tour in the last eight years.	Canadian show tour of the 24 countries, while were only 17 countries in which of them was the first international visit in the past eight years. 	Canadian show '' tour of 24 countries, while only 17 countries who were in their first world tour in the last eight years.
Both singers' shows were directed by Jamie King, who had also organized the Spice Girls' "Reunion" tour.	Both singers show King, Director, girl, the union, refunds, visit arrangements were also.	Show of both the singers were King, conquerors, director of the girl' 'refunds of arrangements of the Union' visit also. 	Both singers, director of the show king, conquerors, girl '' the arrangements of the Union 'visit.
Madonna broke her own previous record set in 2006.	The year 2000 has established in six has broken the record.	have set up six in 2002 by his broken the record. 	Madonna set up in 2002 to break the record.
In 2006, she had earned $193.7 million from the "Confession" concerts.	Was he, 19 million in the year 2000 in six million dollars.	Six in 2002 He In million earned 37 million dollars. 	In 2002, He 'in earned 37 million dollars.
Pollster declared Bon Jovi to be the third most successful singer, earning $176 million.	The third most successful singer declared that the 17 million to $60 million.	bone to undertake the third as the most successful singer which earned 17 46 million dollars. 	polster bone action, the third most successful singer declared that 17 46 million dollars.
Bruce Springsteen came in fourth, earning $166 million, and the Police in fifth, with $120.6 million.	Bruce has been $60 million, 16 million, on the fourth and fifth Police numbers and their part in 12 million came to $6 million.	Bruce earn 16 46 million dollars and the fourth and fifth position on police and his six million dollars. in part 12 million 	Bruce Springsteen has 16 earn 60 million dollars in the fourth and fifth position and his Police six million dollars.
According to Pollster, very few people attended concerts and vocal performances in North America in 2008; only those who were able to buy the expensive tickets.	According to the magazine, 8 in year 2000 in North America, very few people attended the concert and song programs, and only the people were involved in those who were ready to buy expensive tickets.	According to the magazine in 2002 eight very few people in North America to participate in the programs of the concert and songs and only those people, who participated in were ready to buy the tickets at high prices. 	According to the magazine, 2002, Many people in North America in the concert and participate in the programs and only those people participated in the high prices were ready to buy tickets.
In America, the average ticket price increased by eight percent, and the highest-priced ticket for Madonna's show sold for $350.	In the United States, a 8 percent increase in the price of tickets and show in the most expensive tickets was sold over three and a half.	Average in the United States an eight percent increase in the price of tickets and most expensive in the show three hundred fifty tickets will was sold. 	eight percent increase in the average cost of a ticket in the United States and show of the most expensive tickets Three hundred fifty was sold.
Pollster's editor Gary Bongiovanni said that, taking into account the global economic slump, 2008 proved to be a good year for singers.	Embracing the editor of the magazine, said that in the view of international economic market, this action was to be a good year for 8 year 2000.	magazine editor of Gary said that in the context of the World Economic marketing singers for eight proved to be a good year 2002. 	magazine editor of Gary said that the international economic For singers in the context of the year two thousand eight proved to be a good year.
He has predicted that 2009 will be a good year for U2 and Springsteen, whose albums are soon to be released.	He forecast to be a good year for the year 2000 to U 9 and which are issued this year.	He 2003 for reconstruction to UK and issued this year of which are the good year proved the forecast predicting. 	He heard two thousand to the reconstruction and for which this year issued the good year The forecast predicted.
Co-Education Banned: Taliban	The Ban on Education Coalition: Taliban	Ban on education: Taliban mixed 	Coalition ban on education: Taliban
Local Taliban members of the Hafiz Gul Bahadur group have distributed a pamphlet in Miranshah, the capital of North Waziristan, and in other tehsils in which a threat has been made against government and semi-government educational institutions where boys and girls are provided with co-education.	The location of North Waziristan, Hafiz Gul Bahadur group in Miran Shah and other districts, local Taliban has distributed a pahmphlet in which official and semi-official their educational institutions have been threatened in which coalition education is being given to boys and girls.	Miran Shah, North Waziristan President position and other districts in the local Taliban has a Hafiz Gul Bahadur group, which is distributed in educational institutions on official and semi threat which has been given to boys and girls in education is being given mixed. 	President Hafiz Gul in Miran Shah and other districts of North Waziristan, The group of local Taliban in a pamphlet was distributed in which the government and threatened to educational institutions have been mixed boys and girls in education.
The pamphlet states that if co-ed institutions are not shut down by January 5, then action will be taken against them.	In pahmphlet is that if the coalition educational institutions till January 5 was not closed, action against them will be started.	hindrance in the pamphlet that if five educational institutions have not closed mixed by January, started action will be taken against them. 	hindrance in the pamphlet is that if coalition until January 5, educational institutions is not closed, action will be taken against them.
It also states that identity cards may not be issued to women for government assistance or any other educational purposes, and women are forbidden to go to the NADRA offices in all tehsils.	In pahmphlet is that government aid and other educational issues will be imposed on the identity card of women and for women has also refused to go to NADRA offices in all districts.	hindrance in the pamphlet is that government aid and other Educational Issues identity cards of women for the ban on film will be the offices and women in all districts NADRA has refused to go. 	hindrance in the pamphlet that government and other Educational Issues identity cards for women for the film will be a ban on women in all the districts and the offices of NADRA has refused to go on.
This announcement forbidding the issuance of identity cards has been made at a time when approximately 200 women have submitted application forms at the NADRA offices to have their identity cards issued for the Benazir Income Support Program in North Waziristan.	The ban on the identity card of women from local Taliban was announced at a time when about 200 women in offices have been collected form for the identity card for a support programme in North Waziristan.	Local women by the Taliban on a film identity cards of the ban has been announced at a time when the Support program in North Waziristan NADRA for identity cards in the offices of two hundred women have deposited form for the film. 	Identity cards of the women from the local Taliban in North Waziristan has been announced the ban on the film at a time when the support for the program, NADRA in the offices of two hundred women have identity card forms for the film.
According to the local people, the Taliban's pamphlet was read over the loudspeakers of all mosques in North Waziristan.	According to local people, pahmphlet issued by Taliban read loud-speaker of all the mosques of North Waziristan.	According to local people, The pamphlet issued by the Taliban on all mosques of North Waziristan was read on 	According to local people, The pamphlet issued by the Taliban in North Waziristan was read on the loud-speaker of all mosques
Nevertheless, it was not stated in writing whether separate educational institutions for girls will be banned or not.	However, the letter was not mentioned is that the girls will be imposed on different educational institutions or not.	However it has not been mentioned in the letter that separate the girls educational institutions will also be ban on or not. 	However has not been mentioned in the letter that the girls will be a ban on different educational institutions or not.
According to the pamphlet, if any woman is caught trying to get an education from school or her identity card from a NADRA office after this announcement, she and her family will be punished by religious law.	According to pahmphlet in case of any woman to go to school or NADRA office was, the woman and her family will be punished just after the announcement, to receive education or to make the identity card.	According to the announcement, after making the identity cards to get education or for any woman school or NADRA in case of arresting the office, and his family to the legitimate this woman will be punished. 	According to the pamphlet, after the announcement to receive education or identity card to make any woman, school or the office, rooted in the form of the woman and the family of this will be punished.
Police in the Bannu District also reported a landmine explosion Sunday on Bannu Miranshah road which killed one pedestrian and injured another.	Besides, in the Bannu district police said that one pedestrian was killed and one injured in a landmine explosion on Sunday Bannu Road that result.	Besides this, in Bannu district police said on Sunday that Mrannshah Banu is of a land mine explosion took place on a road, in which a man was killed and one injured. 	In Bannu district police said on Sunday that the Bannu Mrannshah as a result of the explosion of a land mine on the road in a pedestrian was killed and one injured.
The injured victim was admitted to the Bannu Civil Hospital.	The injured are admitted to the civil hospital in Bannu.	Injured admitted to Civil Hospital in Bannu. 	Injured was admitted to Civil Hospital in Bannu.
"Target Killing," More Dead Bodies Recovered	&quot;Target Crane,, More Bodies Recovered	'targeted killings', More bodies found 	Targeted killings, More bodies found
According to the police, on Sunday morning at the Green and Sohrab intersections in the central city of Mingora, two decapitated bodies were found.	According to police on Sunday morning, the location of green Chowk area and Sohrab Khan are four corpses of two people were separated from his body.	According to the police, The president position on Sunday morning and green areas of Mingora 'Khan area found the bodies of two people from the head of which are separated from their backs. 	According to the police, The Sunday morning, President of Mingora, green areas, and Sohrab Khan, The bodies of two people who are found beheaded.
The dead persons are said to be connected to the Frontier Corp and the police.	Those killed is being reported from the Frontier Corps and police.	Of those killed belonged to the Frontier Corps and police is being told. 	Those who were killed belong to the Frontier Corps and police said.
Eyewitnesses say that a letter was also found near the dead bodies in which there was a warning that whoever should pick up the dead bodies before eleven o'clock in the morning would be responsible for his own death.	Witnesses say that dead bodies found near a letter in which he was warned that that someone has also raised before 11 am to these bodies himself of his death will be responsible.	Eyewitnesses say that also received a letter from near the bodies which were warned in his bodies to that which the day he first raised at 11 your will be responsible of killing himself. 	Eyewitnesses say that a letter was found near the bodies, which were warned that any has also raised their bodies before 11 p.m. will be responsible of his death.
Local people say that the dead bodies remained in the marketplace until eleven o'clock, but security workers later picked up the dead bodies and took them to the hospital.	Local people said that till 11 am bodies are lying in the market, but later transferred to take security officials of the two bodies.	Local people say that till 11 bodies lying in the market. However, after security officials both dead bodies in the temporary transfer. 	Local people said that until 11 dead bodies were lying in the market, However, after security officials in both the dead bodies and temporary transfer.
During the past few weeks, a dangerous increase in the incidents of target killing has been seen in Mingora and surrounding areas	See a dangerous extent increase in incidents of target crane during the last few weeks in the areas around the location and	President position near Mingora and target killings during the last few weeks in the areas of dangerous see increased to a great extent in incidents of 	President Mingora, during the last few weeks in the areas around the targeted killings in the incidents of dangerous increased to a great extent
in which common citizens including women and security workers have been killed.	Is there in which civilians including women and security personnel have been killed.	alleges in which civilians including women and security officials have been killed. 	, in which civilians including women and security personnel have been killed.
According to local sources, more than thirty people have been killed in such incidents.	According to local sources, now has been killed more than 30 people in such incidents.	Till now According to local sources, this type of incidents in more than 30 people have been killed. 	According to local sources, More than 30 people have been killed in incidents of this kind.
No organization has yet accepted responsibility for these killings.	So far, no organization has claimed responsibility for the killings.	So far no organization has claimed the responsibility of these killings. 	So far, no organization has claimed responsibility for the killings.
On Saturday, Muslim Khan, spokesperson of local Taliban members in Swat, told BBC that three dead bodies among those found on Friday were of his associates, including Devlai's Taliban Commander Rafiullah.	In Swat on Saturday, local Taliban spokesman Muslim Khan told BBC that on Friday, there were three bodies of his colleagues in the bodies which include the body of the Taliban commander Rafi Ullah.	On Saturday the local Taliban spokesman in Swat Muslim Khan told the BBC Friday that have received the bodies of three dead bodies in his companions were also in which Taliban commander of Rafi Ullah was also included the body. 	On Saturday, spokesman of the local Taliban in Swat Muslim Khan told the BBC on Friday that the bodies of the three dead bodies of their colleagues who were in was also among the dead body of Taliban commander Rafi Ullah.
Muslim Khan said that Rafiullah was in the custody of security forces for the past month and a half.	The Muslim Khan said that Rafi Ullah was in the custody of the security forces over the past 15 months.	Muslim Khan said that Rafi Ullah last month and a half, the security forces were in custody. 	Muslim Khan said that Rafi Ullah was the last one and a half months, were in the custody of the security forces.
He said that local Taliban members issue a notice prior to killing someone; on the other hand, the general public has serious concern over these continued incidents in Mingora.	He said that when a local Taliban do killed, first issued a notice to this, on the other hand, issued in these incidents is found on severe concern in ordinary citizens.	To someone he had said that when the local Taliban killed, first issued a notice to civilians on the other hand these incidents in Mingora in severe concern is found. 	When he said that a local Taliban killed, first issued a notice on the other hand, these incidents in Mingora concern in ordinary citizens.
Local people say that a large number of security forces have been deployed in Mingora, but despite that, there are increasing attacks on civilians.	Local people say that a large contingent of security forces are stationed in, but it is increasing despite attacks on citizens.	Local people say that large number of security forces in Mingora is deployed, but he is increasing attacks on the citizens. 	Local people said that a large number of security forces in Mingora is deployed, But in spite of this, the increasing attacks on the citizens.
Bakhtawar's Tribute to Benazir in Song	Benazir in Tribute	Benazir tribute in the singing of 	Benazir Bhutto to in the singing of
A rap song (a style of modern music) recorded in Bakhtawar's voice has now even been posted on YouTube.	Was recorded in the voice of a rape, lance (a way of modern music) has now been post on the Tube.	was recorded in the voice of a rape Lance (modern) a style of music is now us was also post on the Tube. 	Was recorded in the voice of a rape Lance a way of modern music now post on the Tube.
Benazir Bhutto's pictures and video clips are shown during the five-minute song.	Five minutes on the pictures and video of Benazir Bhutto was given.	Five minutes on this photographs and video of Benazir Bhutto have been given. 	Five minutes of the photographs and video of Benazir Bhutto.
Eighteen-year-old Bakhtawar is a student of Edinburgh University.	18-year-old where? the student of the university.	Eighteen years Edinburgh University student. 	18 year old Edinburgh University student.
She has a deep interest in poetry and singing.	He is poetry and deep concern.	Their poetry and singing from deep love. 	Poetry and singing from the deep love.
It is said that apparently she started amateur singing after being encouraged by her mother.	It is said that he was apparently start singing after the encouragement of his mother.	Being said that he has apparently after his mother's encourage fond were started singing. 	Is being said that he has apparently after the encouragement of his mother fond of started to sing.
While paying tribute to her mother she says, "You were intelligent and beautiful; you did everything in the same style."	He has said while offering a tribute to his mother, &quot;You were beautiful and intelligent, you have made every work in a way.&quot;	presented a tribute to his mother, He said that 'you were intelligent and beautiful,' you every work in a manner. 	Tribute to his mother, He said that 'you were intelligent and beautiful, you have done in a way.
About the incident of December 27, she says that she was shot near the temple, leaving us at the age of fifty-four and leaving three children behind.	He said about the incident of December 27 that you were our views, flour, we in the age at the temple, three children to leave survived.	December 27, He said about the incident is that you have been shot near the temple to, we were separate from in the age of flour, three children leave to bereaved. 	December 27, He said that the incident was shot near the temple, in the age of flour from US, three children A leave.
The entire nation has no hope without her and she is present in all of their heartbeats.	The whole nation are less hope and you are in the heart of all these.	Without the entire nation, hope and you all of them are present in heart. 	The entire nation without you, and you hope for the heart of the are present.
Among Benazir's children, Bakhtawar is second after the twenty-year-old Bilawal Bhutto.	After a 20-year-old Bhutto in children of Benazir Bhutto is number 2.	Benazir Bhutto, after 20 years Bhutto in other children are on the list. 	Bakhtiar Benazir Bhutto's children in the second position after 20 years of Bilawal Bhutto.
She has been taking an interest in music since the beginning.	They are quietly interest to started in music.	He started in music earns interest. 	They are the targets of an interest in music.
It is said that before her mother's return to the country, she had expressed a wish to meet Grammy Award winner music producer and rapper Puff Daddy with the help of her journalist friend in America, but this meeting could not take place.	Is that he had expressed a desire to meet award Laureate music producer and Dad through a journalist friend in America before the return of his mother. But it could not meet him.	Being that he has his mother in America, before the return of a journalist friend award developed through the music producer and rapper daddy had expressed his desire to meet the meeting. but it could not. 	Is that he has his mother before the return of a journalist friend in the United States through the award music producer and rapper daddy expressed a desire to meet. but this could not be met.
Several Sindhi newspapers published a translation of Bakhtawar's poetry, but her voice is being heard for the first time through YouTube.	Some of the poetry of Sindhi newspapers had published translated, but his voice being heard through the tube for the first time.	Sindhi newspapers also published some of the poetry but his voice was published for the first time through the Tube being heard. UC 	Poetry of some Sindhi newspapers the translation was published for the first time But his voice be heard through the Tube.
Some of the workers and fans of Benazir Bhutto have started making CDs of Bakhtawar's rap song.	Some workers of Benazir Bhutto and the rich people started lance C. rape.	Benazir Bhutto some of needy workers and paid the rape Lance CDs of the started. 	Benazir Bhutto and some members of the Rape of CDs of Lance started.
On the other hand, Farhatullah Babar, the spokesperson of Pakistan People's Party, has confirmed that the poetry and voice in the song on YouTube is Bakhtawar's.	On the other hand, Pakistan People&apos;s Party spokesman Farhatullah Babar has confirmed that poetry and voice of the present on the Tube.	Pakistan People's Party spokesman Farhatullah Babar other side has confirmed that the US present on the Tube's poetry, and 	On the other hand, the Pakistan People's Party spokesman Farhatullah Babar has confirmed that the present on the Tube's poetry and.
On the phone from Islamabad he said that this is a tribute of a grief-stricken daughter to her courageous mother which has also been aired on Pakistan's official television network.	The government of Pakistan have been issued on a TV network, on the phone from Islamabad, he said that this is a rich tribute to their joint venture mother of a daughter.	On the phone from Islamabad, He said that this is a daughter of depress paid tribute to his mother courage beneficial is that the official Pakistan TV network was still going on. 	He has said on the phone from Islamabad that it paid tribute to his courage and mother of a disappointed daughter is that the government of Pakistan has been issued on the TV network.
Farhatullah Babar said that the program of distributing the CDs (etc.) of Bakhtawar's song has not yet been planned by his party.	Farhatullah Babar has said that his party program to distribute C., etc., has not made per movement.	Farhatullah Babar has said that the CDs of the others to distribute program of his party has not at present. 	Farhatullah Babar said that of program to distribute CDs of his party has not made at present.
He said that a few months back a fake account of the young Chairman of his party, Bilawal Bhutto Zardari, was created on the Facebook website, which was later closed.	He said that a few months ago, a young year Chairman of his party on the web site before the fee was made a fake bank account or Bhutto Zardari after which have been removed.	They had said that the fee of a few months ago young chairman on his party's web site Bhutto and Zardari was made of fake account or who has been ended after. 	He said that a few months ago the book on the website of the Party of the young chairman Bhutto and Zardari's Fake accounts, which was later removed.
Ajmal Kasab is Pakistani: Information Minister	Ajmal Butcher Is Only Pakistani: Information Minister	Ajmal Butcher is Only Pakistani Information MInister: 	Ajmal Butcher Pakistani is the same: minister Of Information
The Federal Minister of Information and Broadcasting, Sherry Rehman, verifying the citizenship of Ajmal Kasab in an SMS message sent to BBC's Urdu Service, only said that further investigations are underway.	The Federal Minister for Information and Broadcasting, Sherry Rehman were sent to the BBC Urdu service in a message S. M. S. Ajmal butcher confirming the citizenship, so just said that further investigation is underway.	federal minister for Information AND Broadcasting, Sherry RAHMAN WERE Sent To THE BBC Urdu service in a S. M. S. Message Ajmal confirmed the Citizenship OF the Butcher, JUST SO SAID that Further Investigations are still going on. 	federal minister for Information AND Broadcasting, RAHMAN WERE Sent To THE BBC Urdu service ONE in a message, Ajmal confirmed the Citizenship OF the Butcher, JUST SO SAID that Further Investigations ARE Underway.
Prior to this, Rehman Malik, the Prime Minister's Adviser on Interior Affairs, had denied his Pakistani citizenship.	Prior to this, Prime Minister advisor Interior Rehman had refused to Pakistani citizenship of the country.	Prior to this, the prime minister's advisor interior Rahman denied the country from the Pakistani citizenship. 	Prior to this, the prime minister's advisor, Rahman country had denied the Pakistani nationality.
He said that he had received no record of Ajmal from NADRA, the citizens' record-keeping institution.	He said that the citizens to record the Agency, they found no record of Ajmal.	They had said that the citizens of the record from institutions NADRA Ajmal had no record of them. 	said that the citizens of the organization to record NADRA them Ajmal had no record of.
With respect to this recent announcement, it could not be determined on what grounds the government of Pakistan, now changing its position, has verified the citizenship of Ajmal Kasab.	It could not be known about the recent announcement that the government of Pakistan on what basis now to change its stand, Ajmal butcher citizenship is confirmed.	This latest announcement, did not know about that the government of Pakistan has now changed its stand on what basis while Ajmal Butcher has confirmed the citizenship. 	did not know about the latest announcement that the government of Pakistan has changed its stand on what basis while Ajmal butcher of citizenship.
However, according to the spokesperson of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of the Interior has verified Ajmal Kasab's citizenship.	However, according to the Foreign Ministry spokesman Ajmal butcher citizenship is confirmed by the Interior Ministry.	However, According to a spokesman of the foreign ministry Ajmal butcher of the citizenship of the interior ministry confirmed. 	However, According to the spokesman of the Foreign Ministry, Ajmal Butcher confirmed the citizenship of the interior ministry.
Prior to this, BBC's Urdu Service and a few other newspapers and TV channels had said that Ajmal Kasab is from the village of Faridkot in the Okara district of the Punjab province.	Before this, the BBC Urdu service and a few other newspapers and TV channels had said Ajmal butcher from Farid Kot town of Okara district of Punjab province.	Prior to this, The BBC Urdu service and a few other newspapers and TV channels, Ajmal belonged to butcher from Kot town Okara district of Punjab province Farid said. 	Prior to this, The BBC Urdu service and a few other newspapers and TV channels Ajmal butcher of Okara of Punjab province Farid Kot town of the district said.
However, the government continued to deny this.	However, the government was to deny it.	But was refused by the government. 	However, the government denied this was used.
It is not yet clear whether this Ajmal is from this particular Faridkot or from some other area.	However, it is not clear that this is concerned with this Farid Kot Ajmal or any other area.	Yet it is not clear that it is concerned with this Fareed Kot of Ajmal or any other area. 	It is still not clear that the Ajmal Farid Kot is concerned, or any other area.
Rocket Fire from Lebanon; also Counter-bombing	The Rocket Fire from Lebanon, Retaliatory Bombardment	Rocket fire from Lebanon, counter bombing 	Rocket fire from Lebanon, counter bombing
Officials of the Israeli army and the police have told media representatives that four rockets were launched at Israel from an area of Lebanon, one of which struck in the town of Nahariya in North Israel, causing two people to suffer minor injuries.	Israeli army and police officials told the representatives of the media, which is that the Lebanese area were four rockets on Israeli soil, which fell in a northern Israeli town, lightly injuring two people.	Israeli police and army officials said the media representatives that Lebanese four rockets were fired on Israeli soil from the area from which one north Israel town of fell in which two people suffered minor injuries. 	Israeli army and police officials told representatives of the media is that the Lebanese fired four rockets on Israeli soil from the region, in which one of the northern Israel town of Nigeria in which two people were injured.
In response to the rockets fired from the area of Lebanon, Israeli artillery bombed Lebanon.	The Israeli battery in response to rockets were the result from the area of Lebanon has bombarded Lebanon.	Lebanon in response to the rocket launchers from the area of the Israeli tanks bombardment on Lebanon. The 	Lebanon in response to rockets from the area of the Israeli tanks bombardment on Lebanon.
It is not clear whether this was an attack by Hezbollah or if Palestinian groups active in Lebanon are behind it.	It is not clear that this is not the Hezbollah attack or behind it, it is the hand of active Palestinian groups in Lebanon.	It is not clear that this attack Hezbollah have or the hand of active Palestinian groups in Lebanon is behind. 	It is not clear that this attack, Hezbollah is behind it, or active Palestinian groups in Lebanon.
The Lebanese government says that it is also trying to find out who is behind these rocket attacks.	Who is behind these rocket attacks that the Lebanese government has said that he is also trying to assess whether it.	Lebanese Government has said that he also was trying to find out about it is that he who is behind the rocket attacks. 	The Lebanese government has said that it is trying to find out who is behind the rocket attacks.
BBC's correspondent has declared this to be an extremely dangerous turn in the current crisis in the region.	BBC correspondent has declared it issued a very dangerous turn for the recent crisis in the region.	The correspondent of BBC has to the current crisis in the region is a very dangerous turn. 	BBC correspondent has termed it as a very dangerous turn for the current crisis in the region.
According to Jeremy Bowen, BBC's Middle East editor, these rocket attacks have intensified the threat of the war spreading.	According to BBC editor for the Middle East, their rocket attacks has increased the threat of war to spread.	BBC editor for Middle East According to from rocket attacks to spread the war has increased threat. 	BBC editor for the Middle East, according to the army Bain increased risk of the spread of the war from rocket attacks.
For the past few days, apprehension has been expressed that the activities in Gaza might spread northward to Israel's border with Lebanon.	The past few days, it should not spread the operation in Gaza expressed their apprehension that was being anywhere in north to Israel&apos;s border with Lebanon.	In the past few days It was being expressed apprehension that the operation in Gaza anywhere in north of Israel's border with Lebanon not to be spread. 	Last few days It was being feared that the operation in Gaza in the north of Israel's border with Lebanon should not be spread.
Meanwhile, on Wednesday night, Israel's air force launched sixty air raids on the Gaza Strip.	On the other hand, between Wednesday and Thursday night, the Israeli air force has been 60 air strike on the Gaza strip.	The night between Wednesday and Thursday, Israel's air 60 air attack on the Gaza Strip. 	On the other hand, the night between Wednesday and Thursday Israel's air 60 air attack on the Gaza Strip.
According to the Israeli army, Hamas police offices, tunnels, arsenals, rocket launch pads, and armed forces of Hamas were targeted in these attacks.	According to the Israeli army, police offices of Hamas, sheepish, weapons water reserves, the places and Hamas weapons closed workers to the rocket fire was targeted in these attacks.	According to the Israeli army, The police, the offices of the Hamas in these attacks tunnels, weapons effects, rocket fire to the closed places and weapons of Hamas activists were targeted. 	According to the Israeli army, police offices, tunnels and weapons of Hamas in these attacks effects, the places to fire rockets and weapons of Hamas activists were targeted.
In addition to air raids, the Israeli army and navy artillery continued bombing Gaza all night.	Besides the air attacks from the battery, the Israeli army and Navy continued the bombardment on Gaza throughout the night.	Besides the air attacks from the shrapnel of Israeli army and navy also continued throughout the night bombardment on Gaza. 	Air attacks, as well as the Israeli army and navy cannon office continued throughout the night on Gaza bombing.
Palestinian sources said that a mosque was destroyed in the air raids on Gaza City.	Palestinian sources said that the air attacks has destroyed a mosque in Gaza City.	Palestinian sources said that the air attacks in a mosque in Gaza City were damaged. 	Palestinian sources said that the air attacks in a mosque in Gaza City.
According to unconfirmed reports, Israeli army tanks, with air support from helicopters, have advanced toward the area of Khan Yunis.	According to Unconfirmed reports, the tanks of the Israeli army, which was presented by the area of Khan Younis help air by helicopter.	According to unconfirmed reports, Israeli army tanks, which had help from helicopters air is the step forward towards the area of Khan Yunis. 	According to unconfirmed reports of the Israeli army tanks, helicopters had air support toward the area of Khan Yunis.
In this battle, which has continued for the past twelve days, nearly 700 Palestinians have been killed, including a large number of women and children.	Seven hundred Palestinian who is involved in a large number of women and children were killed in the fighting on the last 12 days.	In this fight for the last 12 days in which seven hundred Palestinian included a large number of women and children, were killed. 	Last 12 days to continue this fight in seven hundred Palestinian which include a large number of women and children were killed.
On the other side, 11 soldiers of the Israeli army have also been killed.	While on the other hand, 11 soldiers of the Israeli army were also killed.	While the other hand, the Israel army 11 soldiers were also killed. 	While on the other hand, The Israeli army 11 soldiers were also killed.
Israeli security forces have confirmed that Amos Gilad, a top defense official, is going to Cairo to set the conditions for a ceasefire.	The Israeli security forces, it has been confirmed that a top defense officials are going to Cairo to decide the terms of the cease-fire.	Israel's security forces have confirmed that a high of it most defense officials the terms of the ceasefire Cairo are going to decide. 	Israel's security forces have confirmed that a top defense official to decide the terms of the ceasefire is going to Cairo.
A delegation from Hamas is also leaving for Cairo to have parallel talks with the ambassadors of Egypt.	A delegation of Hamas is also going to Cairo for parallel talks with the ambassadors of Egypt.	parallel with the ambassadors of Egypt, also A Hamas delegation is going to Cairo for talks. 	A delegation of Hamas parallel with the ambassadors of Egypt, to Cairo for talks.
In addition, Mahmoud Abbas, leader of the Palestinian Authority, will arrive in Cairo on Friday.	Besides this, the leader of the Palestinian Authority, Mahmoud Abbas will arrive in Cairo on Friday.	Besides this, The leader of the Palestinian Authority Mahmoud Abbas are also arrived in Cairo on Friday. 	In addition to this, The leader of the Palestinian Authority, Mahmoud Abbas, also arrived in Cairo on Friday.
My Heart Is Broken; Give Me Back My Kidney	My Heart Is Shattered, My Kidney Demanded Back	My heart is broken, "back my kidney 	My heart is broken, my round return
Dr. Richard Batista said that eight years ago he donated his kidney to save the life of his wife Dawnell.	Dr. Richard said that he had donated them as their flock to save his wife eight years ago.	Dr. Richard eight years ago, said that he has to save the lives of his wife his kidney as donation. 	Dr. Richard Batista said that he had eight years ago, his wife Donal to save the lives of his round as a donation.
According to the AFP news agency, Dr. Batista says that, in exchange for his donation, his wife rewarded him by betraying him, establishing a relationship with someone else, and has now filed for a divorce.	According to the AFP news agency, Dr. says that his wife has given the reward for his donation, that they were deceived and to establish relations with others and now refer to divorce.	According to the AFP news agency has said that his wife of Dr. donated their kidneys, the reward of them that the change of tactics and relations with any other guidelines for the divorce and now for the approach. 	According to the AFP news agency, said that his wife of Dr. Batista Kidney donation change this recognition that he was a fraud, and any and establishing relations with the divorce and approach.
In an interview with local newspaper Daily News, Dr. Batista said that the alleged love affair created a hole in his heart, which is still there.	Dr. said in an interview with a local newspaper daily news that the alleged has given a hole in my heart, which is now.	Dr. an interview with a local newspaper Daily News, said that the alleged the hole in my heart, which is so far. 	Dr. Batista said in an interview with a local newspaper Daily News that the hole in my heart, which so far.
According to Dr. Richard Batista's attorney, although Dr. Batista is demanding his kidney back, in reality he wants a cash payment equal to the value of the kidney.	According to the lawyer of Dr. Richard, otherwise, Dr. are demanding the return of his kidney, but in fact they want equal subsidies worth.	According to Dr. Richard 's lawyer, though, Dr. are demanding the return of their round but in fact they want equal subsidies worth of newcomers. 	According to Dr. Richard Batista's lawyer, Dr. are demanding the return of his round, but in reality they want equal subsidies worth of newcomers.
According to his wife, she will present her case before a judge in the next few days.	According to his wife, he will present their stand in front of a judge in the next few days.	According to his wife, they can stand in the next few days will appear before a judge. 	According to his wife, he will present their stand in front of a judge in the next few days.
140-year-old, Nine-kilo Lobster, Freed	The 140-Year-Old, 9 Kilo Free	140 years, nine 5-6 kilo free 	140 years, nine kilograms of free
"George the Giant Lobster" had been caught in the sea two weeks ago.	&quot;George, the joint, was held two weeks ago with a sea.	'George The joint for two weeks ago was caught with a sea. 	George, the joint lobster 'was caught with a sea two weeks ago.
The city's seafood company had bought it for one hundred dollars	The city&apos;s sea food company had purchased it in 100 dollars.	The city of sea food company had purchased it in 100 dollars. 	The city's food company had purchased a hundred dollars in the
and started using the lobster's pictures immediately for publicity.	And immediately started to use for its publication of the pictures.	And immediately to the Pictures has started to use for their publicity. 	And immediately had begun to use for its publication of the photographs.
However, "PETA," a group working for animal protection, demanded the release of the lobster and now, as a result, it will be returned to the sea.	However, a group,, who works for the protection of animals has demanded to leave now as a result of which it back will be left in the sea.	However to a group who work for the Protection of Animals, beaten, also demanded to leave the in which now it will be left to return in the sea. 	However, a group working for the Protection of Animals, beaten, The alabaster demanded to leave as a result of which now will be left in return to the sea.
George was caught from the sea in Canada, after which it spent ten days in the City Crab and Sea Food Company's tank.	George was held to sea in Canada, after which he spent 10 days in the tank of the city crepe and C. food company.	George was arrested by sea in Canada which city crepe and, after the food company spent 10 days in the tank. 	George had been arrested in Canada after which the city crepe and seafood company spent 10 days in the tank.
The age of a lobster can be estimated from its weight.	To be the weight of this idea of the age.	The weight of the fact of the age of can be. 	alabaster from the weight of the age of.
Restaurant manager Keith Valenti says that he had no intention to harm the lobster, and the purpose of keeping it in the tank was to provide something of interest to customers.	The manager of the restaurant, said that his intention was not to revive a loss to the tank, it was meant to provide goods to the interest of the consumers.	The restaurant manager has said that he does not intend to send any harm to the in the tank and was aimed at having to provide goods of the interest of consumers. 	Restaurant manager Keith says that his intention was not to any harm to the tank and the aim was to provide material for the interest of the consumers.
Ingrid Newkirk of the PETA animal safety organization says that the restaurant's decision is praiseworthy and an example for those who either want to keep such rare animals in a tank or boil them for eating.	The protection of animals belonging to the organization, said that the decision of the restaurant is excellent and is an example for those who want to keep such rare animals or, in a tank or want to eat him alive fever.	organization belonging to the beaten the Protection of Animals praised has said that the decision of restaurants and they have is an example for the people who want to keep such rare animals or in Tank, or have them alive heat want food. 	The Protection of Animals, beaten belonging to the has said that the decision of restaurants and is an example for those who want to keep the tank to such rare animals alive or decline the food.
Search for Girl with Help of Mobile Phone	For a Baby with Help of Mobile	With the help of mobile search of child 	With the help of mobile search of child
When officials found out about Natalie Maltais, the police officers and fire extinguishing forces of the Massachusetts city of Athol came into action.	When the authorities found about, city police officer and extinguish the forces were coming in action.	When officials known in about of city police officer and extinguish the forces came into play. 	Officials when he learned about the Intel Malaysia of city police officer and extinguish the forces movement.
Workers found the girl's exact location with the help of the GPS in her mobile phone.	Officials with the help of the girl&apos;s mobile present G. P. S. anticipated direction of the right place.	The child, officials with the help of mobile GP in S. know its place right set. 	Officials to know the exact place of the girl with the help of the GP in the mobile.
However, with the help of Google Street View, it was determined that the girl was in a hotel.	However, street walked this direction with the help of the elections that the child is in a hotel.	However, with the help of street interview came to know that the girl is in a hotel. 	However, goal street interviews with the help of came to know that the baby is in a hotel.
A week ago, Natalie's grandmother, Rose Maltais had taken Natalie from her legal parents' custody.	A week ago, on grandparents, were taken from the supervision of their legal parents.	A week ago of grandmother on 's legal parents were carried out with the supervision of. 	A week ago grand on from the parents of their legal supervision.
Timothy Anderson, Athol's Police Chief, told BBC, "She said she will never return Natalie and then she left the state."	The police chief told BBC, he said that he is not returned ever now. and then he went to leave the state.	The police chief of told the BBC, He said that the enemy will never back now and then he left the state. 	, The police chief of Committee Anderson told the BBC, He said that he now will never back and then he left.
The police established contact with Mrs. Maltais, but when she did not return Natalie as promised, the police decided to search for Natalie by means of her mobile phone.	Police have set up contact with Ms. but when according to promise he did not return to police has decided to find it through mobile phones.	Police have set up contact Ms. But according to the promise when he if police did not back through the mobile phone of the decided to search It. 	Police had established contact with Mrs. maltais, But according to the promise he did not return to the police decided to search through the mobile phone.
Since 2005, it is the law in America that the companies providing mobile services will provide the locations of 67 percent of the callers at a distance of 100 meters and 95 percent of the callers at a distance of 300 hundred meters.	Two thousand five law or in the United States is that the companies providing mobile service should provide 67 percent and 95 percent of the distance of 300 meters from the distance of 100 meters.	Two thousand five or law is that the mobile service in the United States to provide the companies of 100 meters distance of the 67 percent and three hundred meters distance the 95 percent of to provide. 	Two thousand five or in the United States is the law that the companies to provide mobile service The distance of 100 meters, 67 percent and the distance of 300 meters, 95 percent of the of.
Hamid Karzai Visiting India	Hamid Karzai on a Visit to India	Hamid Karzai on a tour of India 	Hamid Karzai, on a tour of India
This is Hamid Karzai's second visit to India in the last five months.	Hamid Karzai is the second Indian tour in five months.	Hamid Karzai Indian visit is the second in five months. 	Hamid Karzai five months in the second Indian tour.
It is hoped that during the meeting with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh he will talk about conditions after the extremist attacks in Mumbai.	The hope is that he will talk about the situation after the extremist attacks in Mumbai during a meeting with Prime Minister.	There is a hope that he met with Prime Minister Manmohan during the, after the terrorist attacks in Mumbai will hold talks about the situation. 	hope is that during a meeting with Prime Minister Manmohan will talk about the situation after the terrorist attacks in Mumbai.
During this visit, he wants to express the feelings of Afghanistan and its people about the Mumbai attacks and their solidarity with India.	During this visit, he wants to show their solidarity with India and feelings of Mumbai attacks on Afghanistan and its people.	During this visit the Mumbai attacks on Afghanistan and its people's sentiments expressed their solidarity with India and wants to. 	During this visit, The Mumbai attacks on Afghanistan and want to express their solidarity with the feelings of the people of Pakistan and India.
Besides extremism, there will be discussion regarding mutual trade during Karzai's visit.	During the visit of Karzai, mutual trade in extremism will be discussed.	During this visit of Karzai that extremism will be discussed on the mutual trade. 	Karzai during the visit of extremism, as well as the mutual trade will be discussed.
There is hope for talks between the two countries about cooperation in dealing with extremism.	Extremism, for mutual cooperation between the two countries is expected to be discussed.	intensity and mutual cooperation between the two countries to deal with the talks on hope. 	Extremism to deal with the hope of talks on cooperation between the two countries.
During his last visit to India, President Hamid Karzai had said that terrorism will not be allowed to hamper the relations between India and Afghanistan.	During his last visit to India, President Hamid Karzai said that terrorism will not allow hampering relations between India and Afghanistan.	President Hamid Karzai during his last tour of India, said that terrorism had to India and Afghanistan will not be given the obstacles between the relations. 	President Hamid Karzai during his last visit to India said that terrorism will not be allowed to obstruct the relations between India and Afghanistan.
He also said that both India and Afghanistan are facing the challenge of terrorism and ruthless and murderous activities.	He also said that both India and Afghanistan to face the challenge of terrorism and his mercy and assassination operations.	They It was also said that terrorism and merciless to both India and Afghanistan and is facing a challenge of assassination operations. 	He said that both India and Afghanistan is facing the challenge of terrorism and mercy and assassination operations.
"Peace and stability is beneficial for everyone - for both countries, the region, and the entire world.	The two countries, peace and stability of the region and the entire world is beneficial for all.	Both countries and the whole region airlifting all is beneficial for peace and stability. 	Both of the countries of the region and the entire airlifting is beneficial for all peace and stability.
We understand the fact that only by joining forces can the two countries and the entire world fight the curse of terrorism."	&quot;We believe the ownership by both countries and the entire world, it can face condemnation of terrorism.	'we know ownership is that both countries and the entire world is united can become the face of the menace of terrorism. 	'we think this ownership that both countries and the entire world to unite to fight the menace of terrorism.
In July of last year, Hamid Karzai had held ISI, Pakistan's secret service, responsible for the attack on the Indian Embassy in Kabul.	It should be noted that last year in July was settled for the attack on the Indian embassy in Kabul, Karzai said Pakistan&apos;s ISI intelligence agencies responsible.	It should be noted that in July last year for the attack on the US embassy in Kabul Karzai secret agencies of Pakistan, the ISI was responsible for Nepalese. 	It should be noted that in July last year for the attack on the Indian embassy in Kabul, Karzai to Pakistan's intelligence agency ISI responsible stayed.
In that attack a high IFS worker along with four Indians had been killed.	Four Indians, including a high I. F. S. personnel, were killed in the attack.	This attack was a high in Indian were killed including four S. IMF officials. 	A high in this attack, The FSB officials, including four Indian were killed.
During Karzai's visit to India after the attack on the Embassy, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had said that the attack "was an attack on India and Afghanistan's friendship; we agreed that we will not let terrorism hamper our relations."	After the attack on the embassy, Karzai during the visit of Indian Prime Minister Singh had said that the attack was attacked with India and Afghanistan, we also agreed that we will not allow obstacles between their ties to terrorism.	After the attack on the embassy of Karzai during the visit of Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had said that was attacked on the friendship, India and Afghanistan, we agree with the fact that we have to terrorism would not mediate between their relations. 	After the attack on the embassy Karzai during his visit to India Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had said that the friendship between India and Afghanistan was attacked, we have agreed that we will not allow obstacles between the ties to terrorism.
Mumbai Attacks; Special Judge for Hearing	The Mumbai Attack, Special Judge for Hearing	Mumbai attacks, listening for the special judge 	Mumbai attack, listening for the special judge
Mumbai Police Commissioner Hasan Gafoor said that the hearing of the case registered against Ajmal Amir Kasab, the only accused person captured alive during the extremist attacks on Mumbai, will be conducted under the supervision of M. L. Tahiliani.	Mumbai police commissioner Hassan Ghafoor has said that it will be under the supervision of the hearing, M. L. were arrested, only has registered a case against the accused Ajmal Amir butcher during the attacks of the extremists on the Mumbai.	Mumbai police commissioner Hassan Ghafoor told is that the extremists on Mumbai attacks were arrested only accused Ajmal Amir alive during the hearing of the case filed against the butcher, and will be under the supervision of 	The Mumbai police commissioner Hassan Ghafoor said that the extremists were arrested alive during the attacks on Mumbai only Ajmal Amir accused the hearing of the case filed against the butcher will be under the supervision of the Italian.
Ujjwal Nikam was already appointed before this as public prosecutor for the case.	Earlier, in this matter, has been appointed as the government lawyer.	Before this, in this matter government has formally appointed lawyer. 	Prior to this, in this matter appointed lawyer.
At present Ajmal Kasab is in police custody, and it is hoped that the police will submit a chargesheet against him before January 24.	Ajmal butcher are currently in the custody of the police and the hope is that the police will bring admitted the charge sheets against them before January 24.	Ajmal Butcher are currently in custody of the police and there is a hope that police before January 24 will admitted the charge sheet against them. 	Ajmal Butcher, currently in the custody of the police and it is hoped that the police before January 24 will enter the charge sheet against them.
Ajmal Kasab has no attorney to defend him.	Ajmal butcher have no lawyer to his defense.	Ajmal Butcher's have no lawyer to defend himself. 	Ajmal Butcher has no lawyer to defend himself.
In a letter written to the Pakistani government, Kasab had appealed for legal assistance.	Butcher in a letter written to the Pakistan government had appealed for legal aid.	Pakistan Government in a letter written to the butcher of legal appeal for help. 	In a letter written to the Pakistan Government has appealed for legal assistance.
India has delivered to Pakistan the evidence of the involvement of Pakistani extremists in the Mumbai attacks.	India has been delegated evidences of Pakistani militants to be included in the Mumbai attacks.	India, Pakistan to join the Pakistani extremists in Mumbai attacks delegated the evidence. 	India, Pakistan to assign The part of the Pakistani extremists in the Mumbai attacks.
Pakistan has accepted that Ajmal Kasab is a Pakistani citizen.	Pakistan has accepted that Ajmal butcher is Pakistani citizens.	Pakistan has accepted that Ajmal Butcher Pakistani citizens. 	Pakistan has accepted that Ajmal Butcher Pakistani citizens.
According to the police case, after killing ATS Chief Hemant Karkare, Additional Police Commissioner Ashok Kamte, and Encounter Specialist Police Inspector Vijay Salaskar, along with six policemen, Ajmal and his accomplice Abu Ismail took their squad car and fled but were caught later in D.B. Marg at Girgaon Chaupati.	According to a police case Ajmal and his colleague, Abu Ismail, A. T. S. Chief expert of winter, additional police commissioner Ashok, police inspector and six policemen were killed after their car was snatched, they escaped later D. B route was held near.	According to police the case Ajmal and his companion Abu Ismail A. T. S. chief winter additional police commissioner Ashok expert of police inspector Vijay to have killed six police officers, including ran away after his car snatched the who was in D B after passage was arrested by the Chopati. 	According to the police case Ajmal and his colleague, Abu Ismail, a chief of winter, additional police commissioner Ashok kamata, expert police inspector Vijay, including six policemen killed after their car ran away a who was in the way after Graham was caught by the Chopati.
Ismail Khan died during the police activity and police captured Ajmal alive.	Police action was located in the death of Ismail Khan, and the police had arrested Ajmal alive.	Ismail Khan's death in police action was located and police Ajmal was arrested alive. 	Ismail Khan's death in police action had been located and the police Ajmal arrested alive.
So far no attorney has been nominated to plead Ajmal's case.	Ajmal any lawyer till now has not been nominated for the prosecution of the case.	Ajmal represented the case yet for the any lawyer has not been nominated. 	Ajmal, The lawyer for the prosecution of the case has not been named.
Attorney Dinesh Mota of the Legal Aid Cell, who was nominated by the government, refused to take the case on ethical grounds.	The government legal aid cell which lawyer was nominated to the Danish capital, he had refused to take the case on moral grounds.	Government Legal Aid cell, which begin Danish lawyer on moral grounds, He was nominated to had refused to take the case. 	Legal Aid, The lawyer of the cell was nominated to the Danish capital he had refused to take the case on moral grounds.
Two attorneys took their names back after the demonstrations and opposition by members of one of the political parties.	Two lawyers have taken back its name after the protests of the people of a political party and opposition.	Two lawyers of a political party, the demonstrations and the people after the opposition withdrew his name. 	Two lawyers withdrew his name after demonstrations and opposition of a political party.
"Consitutional Amendment": Committee Will Be Formed	The Constitutional Amendment: &quot;Committee Will Be Formed&quot;	Constitutional amendment: 'committee will be formed. 	Constitutional amendments: 'committee will be formed.
On Tuesday in Islamabad, while talking to media representatives after addressing a seminar on changes in the situation, he said that a meeting of the Parliamentary Party will be called to form the committee in this regard.	Talking to the media after addressing a on environmental changes in Islamabad on Tuesday, he said that a meeting of the parliamentary party would be called in this regard, in which the committee will be formed.	about the environmental changes in Islamabad on Tuesday after addressing a Scheuer while talking to representatives of the media, parliamentary party in this connection, He said that the meeting would be called in which will be the formation of this committee. 	environmental changes in Islamabad on Tuesday about a Scheuer while talking to representatives of the media after the meeting, He said that in this regard will be the formation of this committee will be called a meeting of the parliamentary party.
He said that up until this point, the Constitutional Amendment Bill for the repeal of the Seventeenth Amendment has been presented in the National Assembly by the Muttahida Qaumi Movement, while other political parties will present the Constitutional Amendment Bill in the Parliament.	He said that so far, by the Muttahida Qaumi Movement, for the end of 17th amendment, the constitutional amendment bill has been presented in the National Assembly and other political parties will also presented a constitutional amendment bill in parliament in this regard.	He said that so far the United National Movement to for the end of the 17th amendment constitutional amendment bill was presented to the national assembly and other political parties also in this regard will present a constitutional amendment bill in the parliament. 	He said that so far the United National Movement for the end of the 17th amendment of constitution amendment bill was presented in the National Assembly, while the other political parties, in this regard, the constitutional amendment bill will be presented in the parliament.
He said that the Pakistan People's Party has also sent a draft to all political parties for the repeal of the Seventeenth Amendment, and the committee will also examine that draft.	He said that for the end of 17th amendment, Pakistan People&apos;s Party has also sent a copy to all the political parties and the committee will also examine the draft resolution.	He said that the end of the 17th amendment for the Pakistan People's Party also has also sent a draft to all political parties and this committee will examine the draft constitution. 	He said that the Pakistan People's Party for the end of 17th amendment also sent a draft to all political parties and the committee will review the constitution also.
In response to one question, he said that Parliament will be the one to decide how authority will be balanced between the President and the Prime Minister.	In response to a question, he said that the Parliament will decide the balance of power between the President and the Prime Minister.	In response to a question, He said that the balance of power between the president and prime minister will decided to parliament. 	In response to a question, He said that the decision of the balance of power between the president and prime minister by the parliament.
The Prime Minister said that Parliament has the authority to make all decisions.	The Prime Minister said that Parliament is empowered to all decisions.	The prime minister said that the Parliament has all the right to independent decisions. 	The prime minister said that the Parliament is independent in all decision.
Responding to another question, he said that regarding ex-President General (retired) Pervez Musharraf's leaving his post as Army Chief, in addition to the role played by political parties, the role of Benazir Bhutto, ex-Prime Minister and Chairperson of the Pakistan People's Party, was also important, as she urged the global community to urge ex-President Pervez Musharraf to step down.	In response to another question, he said that the former president to leave the post of the army chief, retired General Pervez Musharraf regarding besides the role of political parties, former Prime Minister and Chairperson of Pakistan People&apos;s Party Benazir Bhutto is also an important role, who urged the international community to deploy uniforms on former President Pervez Musharraf emphasized.	In response to another question, He said that the Retired former President General Pervez Musharraf to leave the post of army chief apart from the role of political parties, the chairperson of the Pakistan People's Party and former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto who is also important role of the international community, emphasizing that the former president Pervez Musharraf stressed on uniforms for the 	In response to another question, He said that the former president, General Pervez Musharraf, The army chief to leave the post of the role of political parties, as well as the chairperson of the Pakistan People's Party and former Prime Minister, Benazir Bhutto, who is also important role of the international community that former President Pervez Musharraf stressed on uniforms for stressed.
He said that American Vice President-elect Joe Biden is a supporter of Pakistan and democracy, and as a reward for his services the President of Pakistan has awarded him the Hilal-e-Pakistan.	He said that US Vice President elected and Pakistan who are pro-democracy and their services in the President of Pakistan has given the Crescent of Pakistan.	He said that American elected vice president who Pakistan and supporters of democracy, and their services in Pakistan has accepted President honor of Pakistan. 	He said that elected vice president who Pakistan and the supporters of democracy and the services of answering the President of Pakistan in Pakistan's honor.
In a response to a question about the threat by the Indian government to terminate all types of relations with Pakistan after the Mumbai incident, Yousaf Raza Gilani said that the Indian rulers make such statements because they are under intense public pressure at this time.	After another incident due to which they give such statements by the Indian government, in response to a question about the threat to cut all ties with Pakistan Yusuf Raza Gilani said that the Indian Government is the severe pressure of people.	Mumbai after the incident, on behalf of the Indian government to severing all kinds of relations with Pakistan in response to a question about the threat of Yousaf Raza Gilani said that Indian leaders to people at this time due to the heavy pressure of which he gave such statements. 	Mumbai after the incident, the Indian government to sever all relations with Pakistan in response to a question about the threat of Yousaf Raza Gilani said that Indian leaders at this time due to the pressure of the people they are such statements.
Protest Against Firing of Journalists	To Protest Against Dismissal of Journalists	Journalists protest against the dismissal of 	Journalists protest against the dismissal of
On Tuesday in Islamabad, in front of the Islamabad Press Club, under arrangements by the journalists' organization "RIUJ," journalists and newspaper workers protested and shouted slogans against the owners of mass media and the government for the firing of a great number of employees from TV channels and newspapers.	Islamabad under Islamabad on Tuesday, J. R. I. U. of journalists, media owners and government and protest on journalists and newspaper workers of a large number of employees from the TV channels and newspapers, shouted slogans in front of the Press Club.	Islamabad on Tuesday of journalists' r U an Islamabad under the auspices of the BJP, journalists and media workers in front of the Press Club The TV channels and newspapers employees from a large number of owners of the media and the government on the protest and chanted slogans. 	Journalists in Islamabad on Tuesday, Islamabad under the auspices of the U.N., in front of the Press Club, journalists and media workers have TV channels and newspapers with a large number of employees of the protested the government and media owners and chanted slogans.
When speaking to the demonstrators, C. R. Shamsi - senior member of the Pakistan Federal Union of Journalists, the largest organization of journalists - said that the politicians who used to protest with them on the streets are now sitting in the government as rulers, but are doing nothing for the rights of journalists out of fear of a specific group of newspaper owners.	Addressing the demonstrators, the largest organization of journalists, a senior member of the Pakistan federal Union of Journalists, C. R. Shamsi said that until yesterday, the political freedoms were protest on roads with us today they are sitting in the house with the ruling, but due to a particular fear of newspaper owners, doing nothing for the rights of journalists.	While addressing the demonstrators biggest Organization of journalists Pakistan Federal Union of Journalists, senior member, R. Shamsi said that till yesterday the jurist with our politics of protest over Today. he became the ruling, But the newspaper owners sitting in the house of a certain holding due to fear of the rights of journalists are not for some 	Speaking to the demonstrators, journalists, The biggest organization of the Pakistan Federal Union of Journalists, senior member of the Solar said that the politician with US protest today he is sitting in a ruling of the house. but because of fear of holding a special newspaper owners are not doing anything for the rights of journalists.
He said that the owners of newspaper who talk about human rights have made their organizations into torture chambers and beggar camps where they pay the workers extremely low wages and financially murder hundreds by firing them, despite earning billions of rupees each year for themselves.	He said that the newspaper owners to talk of human rights has kept its institutions on the punishment and the impressment camp where billions of rupees annually workers despite the extremely low charges and is being dismissed by their economic murder.	He said that talk of human rights to the newspaper owners to their institutions and the persecution of little kept up where billions of rupees despite earning workers as extremely low charges and The sacked their economic is being killed. 	, He said that human rights to the newspaper owners has kept their institutions and the persecution of the camp, where billions of rupees despite earning workers to reduce charges and dismissed his economy is being killed.
The example before us is that of a worker of private TV Channel Five in Lahore who had committed suicide after not being paid for four months; even today, many workers are living under duress due to forced dismissal and not receiving their salaries for months.	The example of Lahore, a private TV channel, a member of five is our front which was Suicide from four months for not receiving wages, and even today, many workers are spending their lives of trouble due to non-payment of the repressive and months salary.	The example of Lahore, a private TV channel Five activists of which has since four months before us today was a suicide at not receiving salaries and many workers also forced and months of tension due to lack of life are spending. 	The example of this is a private TV channel, One of the five is before us. The four months salary was not a suicide and forced many workers today and months due to lack of are living a life of trouble.
He said that direct steps should be taken against TV and newspaper owners and a permanent protest camp needs to be set up before the Parliament for the rights of journalists.	He said that direct action against TV and newspaper owners should and need to set up a permanent protest in front of the Parliament for the rights of journalists.	He said that TV and newspaper owners initiative should be directly against the rights of journalists and a permanent protest camps in front of parliament for making the need. 	He said that direct action against the TV and newspaper owners should be and the need for a permanent protest camps in front of parliament for the rights of journalists.
C. R. Shamsi, criticizing Governor of Punjab Salman Taseer, said that employees are being dismissed from his Urdu newspaper "Aaj Kal" without any notice.	Target of criticism to the governor of Punjab Salman operating C. R. Shamsi said that his Urdu newspapers, today, employees is being wrong side without any notice.	R. Punjab Governor Salman, the solar energy to make, said that the target of criticism of his Urdu newspapers' today 'tomorrow without any notice to employees of what is being taken. 	The solar Punjab Governor Salman operation targeting the criticism, said that the newspaper today, tomorrow, without any notice to employees, is being carried out.
As Daily Jinnah, Daily Khabrein, Channel Five, Business Plus TV, and Aaj TV have fired dozens of employees,	While the daily Jinnah, daily news, channel five, business plus TV and TV today has also dismissed dozens of employees	While daily Jinnah, Daily News, Plus TV Channel Five, business and TV today has also dismissed dozens of employees. 	While daily Jinnah, Daily News Channel Five Plus TV business, and TV today, has also dismissed dozens of employees
Mazhar Abbas, Secretary General of PUFJ, said, when speaking to demonstrators, that today, throughout the country, journalist organizations are celebrating Black Day against the firing of journalists and newspaper workers, while the journalists will go to the Parliament session to fight for their rights with black bands tied on their arms.	Addressing the demonstrators P. U. F. J. Secretary General Mazhar Abbas said that today journalistic organizations throughout the country are celebrating a black day against journalists and newspaper workers and journalists to obtain their rights in a Parliament session will be controlled on the black.	P. F. J. Mazhar Abbas, secretary general of UK said while addressing the demonstrators that emotions in organizations all over the country today Black Day Against the of journalists and media workers are celebrating the achievements of their own rights and journalist in the parliament session for the stocks will be tied on black bandage. 	Mazhar Abbas, Secretary General of the IMF, said while addressing the demonstrators that press organizations all over the country, journalists and media workers are celebrating a black day against the journalist and their rights in the parliament session for the black bandage on stocks will be tied up.
According to Mazhar Abbas, the workers and journalists are being exploited in eighty-five percent of Pakistan's newspapers and TV channels, where they are working without any contract.	According to Mazhar Abbas, workers and journalists in Pakistan percent newspapers and TV channels is being exploited, where they are working without any agreement.	Mazhar Abbas according to Pakistan's newspapers and TV channels in 1985 percent being exploitation of activists and journalists are where they are working without any agreement. 	Mazhar Abbas, According to the 1985 percent of newspapers and TV channels in the exploitation of workers and journalists are where they are working without any agreement.
He said that until now, more than 200 journalists and workers have been dismissed from newspapers and TV channels, while it is feared that during the current year, owners will dismiss hundreds more, justifying this on the basis of the economic crisis.	He said that so far, more than 200 workers and journalists are being expelled from newspapers and TV channels, and it is feared that this year, owners will dismiss more hundreds of workers as well as the economic crisis.	He said that till now more than 200 activists and journalists from newspapers and TV channels is being evicted while owners Is feared that the current year economic crisis as justification for further hundreds of workers will dismissed. 	He said that so far more than two hundred journalists and workers is being pulled from the newspapers and TV channels and feared that the owners of the current year due to the economic crisis further hundreds of workers will be dismissed.
Mazhar Abbas said that the journalists' movement will continue until the workers who were fired are reinstated, the Seventh Wage Board Award that fixes the wages of newspaper workers is implemented, and the salaries of workers of TV channels and newspapers are paid, which have been withheld for months.	Until the seventh Wage Board dismissed employees has not been restored. The newspaper to determine the wages of the workers, the enforcement of the award is not the payment of salaries was stopped from several months of employees of the newspapers and TV channels, Mazhar Abbas will continue until the movement of journalists.	Mazhar Abbas has said the movement will continue till when the journalists were dismissed employees to restore it, not to decide the wages of media workers of the seventh the enforcement of the wage board award, newspapers and TV channels has stopped since several months of employees, not the payment of salaries. 	Mazhar Abbas said journalists will continue until the movement did not resume until the employees were dismissed, newspaper the enforcement of the seventh wage board award to fix the wages of the workers and employees of the newspapers, TV channels was stopped by many months is not the payment of salaries.
Eleven-Member Cabinet Took Oath	A 11-Member Cabinet Took Oath	11 member cabinet took oath 	Eleven member cabinet took the oath
The new cabinet includes six ministers from the Muslim Conference party which opposed former Prime Minister Sardar Ateeq Ahmed Khan, two from the Pakistan People's Party, two from the People's Muslim League, and one from the Muttahida Qaumi Movement.	Six anti-Muslim Conference of Ateeq Ahmad Khan, former Prime Minister in the new cabinet, two, peoples of Pakistan People&apos;s Party are two of the Muslim League and a minister of the Muttahida Qaumi Movement.	Former Prime Minister Sardar Ateeq Ahmad Khan in new cabinet against the Muslim Conference six, two of Pakistan People's Party, The People's Muslim League Two includes a minister and the United National Movement. 	Six of the rival Muslim Conference of Ateeq Ahmad Khan, the former prime minister in the new cabinet, Two of the Pakistan People's Party, The People's Muslim League and a minister of the United National Movement.
There is also one female minister in the eleven-member cabinet from Ateeq's opponents, the Muslim Conference party.	Are also a woman Minister in the 11-member cabinet, and they belong to immemorial anti-Muslim Conference.	11 member and they are also a woman minister in the cabinet is related to Atiqur against Muslim Conference. 	11 member is also a woman minister in the cabinet and he Ateeq Muslim Conference of the opposition.
The ruling alliance says that there will be an expansion in the cabinet next week and there is a possibility that a dozen more ministers will be included in the cabinet. In the beginning of this month, Sardar Ateeq Khan's opponents removed him from his position as Prime Minister through a vote of no-confidence, and Sardar Yaqoob Khan was chosen as the new Prime Minister.	Ruling alliance says that next week in the cabinet will be extended and more is likely to be included in a dozen cabinet minister, it should be noted that earlier this month, Sardar Ateeq Khan, his opponents had withdrawn from the post of Minister Azmi through a no-confidence motion and Sardar Yaqub Khan was elected new prime minister.	In the ruling alliance has said that the cabinet will be extended next week and it is expected that another dozen will be included in the cabinet minister clarified that at the beginning of this month, Sardar Ateeq Khan's opponents by lack of confidence was removed from the post of Ministry of and was elected new Prime Minister Sardar Yaqub Khan. 	Ruling Alliance, said that the cabinet will be extended next week and is expected to be included in another dozen cabinet minister Sardar Ateeq Khan in the beginning of this month to their opponents through lack of confidence in the ministry was removed from his post and was elected new Prime Minister Sardar Yaqub Khan.
Portfolios of these ministers will be announced later.	The departments of these ministers will be announced later.	These departments of the ministers will be announced. 	departments of the ministers will be announced later.
At the time of taking oath, workers of the People's Party shouted slogans in support of former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto.	Swearing on the occasion of the Pakistan People&apos;s Party activists shouted slogans in favor of former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto.	Taking oath of office workers of the Pakistan People's Party on the occasion of shouted slogans in favor of former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto. 	Taking oath of office on the occasion of the workers of the People's Party shouted slogans in favor of Pakistan's former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto.
3.5 Million Consumers Affected by Virus	Thirtyfive Million Consumers from Virus Affected	virus to 35 million consumers affected 	virus to 35 million consumers affected
This virus, identified for the first time in October 2008, is known by names such as Conficker, Down and Up, and Kido.	In October, two thousand eight, was first identified, the hospital is known by names like this virus, down and up and.	October 2001 The this virus identified for the first time in eight with names like down and up and is known. 	October two thousand this virus identified for the first time in eight, up and down, and names like.
Microsoft issued a patch to deal with this virus, but in spite of it, around 3.5 million computers and memory sticks have been affected by it.	Despite this stick around thirtyfive million computers and have been affected by this had issued a plot to deal with this virus.	Microsoft issued a plot for dealing with the virus, but, Despite this, it was about 35 million computers and have been affected by this. 	Microsoft had issued a complication for dealing with this virus, But in spite of this, about 35 million computers and have been affected.
The experts say that the number of affected computers could significantly increase.	Experts say that the number of the computers to be affected can be quite large.	Experts say that the affected are becoming the number of computers. 	Experts say that the number of computers could be very large.
To deal with it, consumers need to use the MS08-067 patch from Microsoft.	To deal with this, consumers need to use, M. S. zero 8 zero 7, perplexedness.	consumers to deal with this' case of Microsoft associate zero zero resident 'need to use plot. 	This deal with Microsoft's' to the customers for the zero associate zero exercise 'plot to use.
Microsoft says that this virus, affecting hundreds of thousands of computers, locates the '.exe' file of Windows File Services and merges with its code.	Says that the virus to affect hundreds of thousands of computers to search for a file, services India E. S. E., and it is included in the Code.	Microsoft has said that the virus file to affect millions of computers' dot com email a search of S. E 'and this is included in the code. 	Microsoft has said that hundreds of thousands of computers to the virus file, dot com, a search of yesterday, and included in the code.
The virus then becomes a type of DLL file in the Windows system folder.	After that, it is a file system in D. L. L. type of the virus.	Have this after the virus de l PTCL in kind of file becomes. 	After this virus of in the file of the kind.
It also creates a name for this file,	This virus is to create the name of this file.	This virus file is also the name of creation, 	This virus is the name of this file,
then changes the details of the windows registry.	Then, the details of the registration of change.	Then the registration of the punishes changed the details. 	Then changed the details of the registration.
After being activated, the virus creates a problem which presents itself as an "HTTP Server" and changes the restore point of the machine.	This virus is to create a problem after being active, H. T. T. P Sarwar, has come forth and to change the point of the machine.	This virus is to create a problem after the functional, The 'H of the TT Sarwar' come on the machine and punishes point to change. 	This virus alert after a problem which is' the TT Sarwar, 'come on the machine and point to change.
After this, it downloads files from a hacker's website.	After this, the files from the web site is loaded down.	Then, it files download from the web site disliking. 	After it download files from the web site of the.
Microsoft says that this virus has affected computers in different countries of the world.	Says that this virus has affected computers in various countries of the world.	Microsoft has said that the virus has affected computers. in different countries of the world. 	Microsoft has said that the virus has affected computers in different countries of the world.
China, Brazil, Russia, India, America and Britain are among these countries.	These countries are China, Brazil, Russia, India, the United States and Britain.	These countries in China, Brazil, Russia, India, The United States and Britain. 	These countries include China, Brazil, Russia, India, The United States and Britain.
"Demand for Quick Report on India's Dossier"	&quot;Demanded on Indian Information&quot;	'INDIAN Information ON 	the Indian Information '
When talking to media representatives after a meeting in the Interior Ministry on Saturday, he said that the information provided by India	Talking to the media after a meeting in the interior ministry on Saturday, he said that he has given by India to the	After a meeting in the Interior Ministry on Saturday while talking to representatives of the media, He said that the FROM INDIA 	While talking to representatives of the media after a meeting in the Interior Ministry on Saturday, He said that India from the
will help in investigating this matter.	One will help in investigating this matter.	From safeguards will help in investigation in this matter. 	Will help in the investigation in this matter.
He said that Pakistan is an autonomous country and, in the investigation of the information received from India, from any country,	He said that Pakistan is an independent country and have any country in the investigation on the information received from India	He said that Pakistan is a sovereign country and India On the Information THEY Received FROM The investigation IN ANY of The Country 	He said that Pakistan is an independent country and from any country in the investigation On the Information Received FROM INDIA
will not accept any dictation.	Will not accept increasing.	We will not accept dictation. 	Will not accept dictation.
He said that, in addition to the information received from India, we are collecting other information as well.	He said that the information and other information received by India.	He Said that the Information Received FROM INDIA and other Information ARE ALSO 	He Said that the Information Received FROM INDIA and other Information.
The Adviser on Interior Affairs said that law enforcement agencies have taken into custody 124 members of a banned organization on charges of threatening the peace	Interior Minister said that law enforcing agencies had been taken in custody under suspicion glitch peace to the members of an outlawed organization	Advisor said that law enforcing agencies, the interior, members of a banned organization, The fear to peace was taken into custody Under the glitch 	Advisor to the home of a banned organization, said that law enforcing agencies 124 members feared glitch was taken into custody Under the peace
and if proof is found against any of them, then further action will be taken, while the innocent will be released.	And if they found no evidence against some people will take action against them, and innocent people should be released.	And if some of them is get any evidence against the people, action will be taken against him while innocent people to be released 	And if some of them found no evidence against the action will be taken against the innocent people should be released.
In response to a question, he said that none of the arrested persons will be extradited to India; rather they will be prosecuted according to Pakistani law.	In response to a question, he said that any person who was arrested would not be handed over to India and Pakistan will be the action, according to the laws against these people.	In response to a question, He said that the arrested person will not be handed over to India, According to the Pakistani laws against these people and the action will be taken. 	In response to a question, He said that any person will not be handed over to India, and action will be taken According to the Pakistani laws against these people.
He said that action against these people has been taken under FIA law.	He said that action against these people has been FIA under the law.	He said the action against those that the FIA is under the law. 	He said that under the law of the FIA action against these people.
In response to another question, he said that it has taken the Indian law enforcement agencies 42 days to collect information regarding the persons involved in the Mumbai incident, so he hopes that the international community as well as India will give Pakistan some time to investigate that information.	In response to a question, he said that Indian law enforcement agencies involved in the Mumbai incident, people have information about 42 days, so he is hopeful that the international community, including India, will give some time to Pakistan for investigation on his heart.	In response to a question, He said that the Indian law enforcing agencies in Mumbai incident involved people in 42 days in connection With the Information Therefore, The agreement is Optimistic that THE International Community Including INDIA On his Safeguards FOR THE investigation will GIVE SOME TIme TO Pakistan. 	In response to a question, He said that the Indian law enforcing agencies involved in Mumbai in 42 days in connection With the Information. Therefore Normal IS Optimistic that THE International Community, Including INDIA, UNDER Investigation for Some TIme.
He repeated the government's offer for a joint inquiry committee to be formed for the investigation of the Mumbai incident.	He again repeated the offer of the government that Mumbai to form a joint team for investigation.	He repeated again that this offer of the government Mumbai for the joint investigation of the accident team be formed. 	He repeated again that the government's offer to Mumbai for the investigation of the incident team should be formed.
A three-member inquiry team has already been set up under the leadership of the Additional Director General of the FIA which is	It should be noted that additional director general of FIA has been formed a three-member team lead the Mumbai attacks by India	It should be noted that the leadership of the Additional director general of FIA is a member team was formed in that the Mumbai attacks from India 	It should be noted that additional director general, a member in the leadership of the CIA team has been formed by the Indian side that the Mumbai attacks
investigating the information provided to Pakistan by India regarding the Mumbai attacks.	Is investigating the information to Pakistan.	On the Information Given TO Pakistan in connection with THE Investigation is. 	Pakistan is investigating On the Information.
Shahid Malik, Pakistan's High Commissioner to India, had a meeting with President Asif Ali Zardari wherein the President made it clear that if any Pakistani individual or group is found to have been involved in the Mumbai attacks, action will be taken against them in accordance with the laws of the country, but no one will be extradited to India, even though the Indian leadership is continuously pressuring Pakistan to hand over to India those involved in the incident.	In India, Pakistan&apos;s High Commissioner, Shahid Malik, met with the President of Asif Ali Zardari, in which the President made it clear that if any Pakistani individual or group was found involved in the Mumbai attacks, against this country will take action according to the law, and no one will be handed over to India and the Indian leadership is put constant pressure on Pakistan relating to India&apos;s reference to those involved in the incident.	Shahid Malik, Pakistan's High Commissioner in India have met with President Asif Ali Zardari in which the president has made it clear that if any Pakistani individual or group was found involved in the Mumbai attacks, mostly against the action will be taken according to the laws of the country and one would not be handed over to India, while Indian leadership to the people involved in this incident to be handed over to India, about the constant pressure on Pakistan. 	In India, Pakistan's high commissioner, Shahid Malik Asif Ali Zardari, met with the president made it clear that if no individual or group was found involved in the Mumbai attacks against the action will be taken according to the laws of the country and will not be handed over to India, while Indian leadership persons involved in this incident is to put pressure on Pakistan to hand over to India.
"Anything Possible in America"	&quot;Anything Is Possible in United States.	'The United States is also possible in' 	Anything is possible in the United States.
Mr. Obama will take oath on January 20 as America's forty-fourth president.	Mr. will take oath as President of the United States on January 20.	Mr. 20 January to the United States will take oath as president. 	Mr. Obama on January 20, The United States will take oath as the president.
Speaking at a music concert in Washington while standing on the steps of the building constructed in memory of Abraham Lincoln, America's sixteenth President,	In Washington, the President of the United States, addressing a music concert by standing on the construction of the building in memory of Sri Lankan	Washington 16th in the United States president Lankan after standing on the stairs of the building in the memory of the music while addressing a concert 	In Washington, The United States, The 16th President Abraham Lankan in the memory of standing on the stairs of the building while addressing a music concert
Mr. Obama said that "America is facing the most serious challenge in many generations" and he is hopeful that America will overcome these problems.	While Mr. that, the United States is facing the most serious of several generations, and he is hopeful that the United States will control on these problems.	Mr. said by several generations of all is facing a serious and he hoped that the United States will successfully control on these problems. 	Mr. Obama said that the United States, The most serious of several generations face and he is confident that the United States will successfully overcome these difficulties.
Abraham Lincoln abolished the practice of slavery in America.	Sri Lankan had removed the tradition of slavery in the United States.	Lankan tradition of slavery in the United States to end. 	Ibrahim Lankan tradition of slavery in the United States.
However, Mr. Obama added that it will take time to solve the problems the country is facing and the way will be difficult.	But even with Mr. said that time and route in solving the problems facing the country will be difficult.	But with Mr. said that to resolve the problems faced by the country In path will take time and will be difficult. 	But with Mr. Obama said that will take time and will be difficult path to solve the problems of the country.
But despite that, "I am hopeful that the dream of the founders of this country will live on."	&quot;but despite this, I am hopeful that the country will keep the dream alive.	'but, Despite this, in the hope that this dream of the founders of the country will remain alive. 	But in spite of this, I hope that the dream of the founders of the country will remain alive.
Besides the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, America is battling a severe economic crisis.	In addition to the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, the United States is pouch with a severe financial crisis.	Besides the United States of Afghanistan and Iraq wars, from a severe financial crisis is pouch. 	The wars in Iraq and Afghanistan is pouch from a severe financial crisis.
Extraordinary steps are being taken for the oath-taking ceremony.	Swearing extraordinary steps are being taken for the ceremony.	swearing the oath ceremony for the extra steps are being taken. 	Oath taking ceremony for the extraordinary steps are being taken.
Its organizers think that two million people will attend the celebration.	Organizers believe that 20 million people will be involved in the ceremony.	Organizers is of the view that this will be 20 million people participated in the ceremony. 	Organizers are of the opinion that will be 20 million people participated in the ceremony.
There is a national holiday on Monday in U.S. because, on this day, the great human rights advocate and Martin Luther King was killed.	On Monday, a national holiday in the United States because the same day, a great standard of human rights, and Martin King was killed.	Monday is a national holiday in the United States because the same day standard of human rights and deprived Martin Luther King was killed. 	On Monday, a national holiday in the United States because the same day of the great standard of human rights and Martin Luther King was killed.
Martin Luther King was a black man.	Martin King were black.	Martin Luther King was black. 	Martin Luther King were black.
Tribute to Martin Luther; Determination to Work	Appreciating Tribute to Martin, Determined to Work	paid tribute to Martin Luther, determination to work 	Martin Luther paid tribute to the determination to work
Dr. Martin Luther King was assassinated in 1968.	Dr. Martin King, 19, was killed in 100.	Kim To Dr. Martin Luther King, was killed in 1968. 	Dr. Martin Luther King, was killed in 1968.
Barack Obama paid tribute to Dr. King and told Americans to work together to fulfill the promise of this nation.	Did the tribute to Dr. King, and the Americans said that they should work together to fulfill the promise of the nation.	also paid tribute to the Dr. King and with the Americans said that this nation should work together to fulfill the promises. 	Barak Obama paid tribute to Dr. King, and with the Americans said that they should work together for fulfilling the promises of the nation.
Meanwhile, preparations are being made in Washington for an unprecedented gathering on the occasion of the new president's oath-taking ceremony on Tuesday.	Meanwhile, in Washington, the ceremony of the new president on Tuesday took over the preparation of a gathering on the occasion of the people are.	In Washington, The new president On Tuesday of people on the occasion of unique are being the preparations of the gathering. 	On the other hand, The new president on Tuesday in Washington presided the people on the occasion of unique gathering preparations are being made.
About two million people are expected to assemble in Washington to watch the historical presidential oath.	It is expected that this historic oath of the president to see President almost 20 thousand people will be collected in Washington.	expected that the president has to see this historic chaired 20 million people will be collected in Washington. 	It is expected that the president of the historic presided over to see 20 million people will be collected in Washington.
On Monday, Barack Obama started his day by visiting a medical center in North Washington where he met with injured American soldiers. Afterwards, he went to a shelter established for homeless people and painted on a wall.	From the beginning of the day on Monday in a medical center in northern Washington visit where he met the wounded American soldiers, after that, they were in a shelter set up for homeless and colors on a wall.	started the day on Monday North tour in a Medical Center in Washington, where he met with the American soldiers injured after the established for the houses they were in a sanctuary and a color on the wall. 	Barak Obama on Monday, the start of the day in a Medical Center in the northern Washington where he met with the American soldiers after they were in a shelter for those who lost their homes and a color on the wall.
While speaking with correspondents, Barack Obama said, "We cannot sit idle, given the present crisis that we are facing and the difficulties surrounding many people."	Talking to reporters, said: &quot;in the present crisis that we are facing and the problems, many people have been surrounded, then we will not sit discharged.	While talking to reporters said: "the present crisis that we are facing and themselves, in which a lot of people, we can not sit discharged after him. 	While talking with reporters said: the present crisis, of which we are facing difficulties and many people in the dark, then we can not sit.
He said that Martin Luther King spent serving many people.	He said that Martin King has spent in the service of their more people.	He said that Martin Luther King gave his spent more in the service of the people. 	He said that Martin Luther King has spent in the service of the people.
Barack Obama said, "Today, as we are honoring his memory, it is not a day to stop and think. It is a day to act."	That said, &quot;today when we are respect for his memory, this day is that we should be and stay. This is the day that we should act.	said that 'When are we honor the memory of those, This is not the day so that we should stay and thoughts. This is such that we should. 	said that today, when we are in respect of the memory of this day that we stay and think. This is the day that we will act.
He said that the celebration on Tuesday will be on the same route where thousands of people gathered in 1963 to listen to Martin Luther King's "I Have a Dream."	He said that the ceremony on Tuesday will be the same path on which several thousand people, Martin King, &quot;I have a dream, listened to 19 100 were collected.	He said that Tuesday's ceremony will be on this path on which several thousand people of Martin Luther King 'is my one dream to hear the' Kim in 63 were collected. 	He said that Tuesday's ceremony will be on the way in which several thousand people of Martin Luther King 'is one of my dreams, to hear the Kim were gathered in 63.
In that speech Martin Luther King said that a day will come when people will not be discriminated against because of their color.	In his speech, Martin King had said that the day will come when people see their colors, discrimination would not be allowed.	Martin Luther King had said in the speech that the day will come when the people of their color, not discriminate on will be unfairly. 	Martin Luther King said in the speech that the day will come when the people of color to distinctions will not be.
BBC's Mathew Price says, "Call it historical irony that Martin Luther Day happens to be twenty-four hours before the first black president in American history will take his oath of office."	BBC Mathew Price says that injustice aspect of history is that day Martin came 24 hours before the day when the first black President of American history will take oath of his office.	BBC's Matthew Price says T an irony of history that Martin Luther came 24 hours before the day when the first black president of American history is his will take the oath of office. 	The BBC's Matthew Price says that an irony of history that Martin Luther 24 hours before the day when the first black president of American history will take the oath of office.
For many people in American's southern states, the presidency of Barack Obama will be the realization of Dr. Luther King's dream.	The President, Dr. King dream for many people in the southern states of the United States will be considerable.	For many people in the southern states of America under the chairmanship of Dr. Luther King's dream interpretation of Will. 	Southern states of the United States for many people in the under the chairmanship of Dr. Luther King will be the dream of.
Additional Political Agent Released	Additional Political Agent.	Additional agents intervene. 	Additional intervene agent.
Unidentified masked men kidnapped the Additional Political Agent ten days ago from South Waziristan.	Additional political agent of unknown year 10 days ago from South Waziristan.	Additional political agent to ten days before from South Waziristan kidnapped by unknown masked episode. 	Additional political agent to ten days ago from South Waziristan unknown masked kidnapped the episode.
Sources say that local Taliban members of the Mullah Nazir group kidnapped the worker.	The sources say that the official was kidnapped the local Taliban Mullah Nazir group.	Sources say that the official Mullah Nazir group of local Taliban was kidnapped. 	Sources said that official Mullah Nazir was kidnapped by the local Taliban.
According to the local administration, on Tuesday at around four o'clock in the afternoon, a tribal council brought Aamir Latif, Additional Political Agent of South Waziristan, to the Wana Scouts Camp.	According to the local administration at 4 pm on Tuesday, Amir Latif near the additional political agent of South Waziristan, a tribal jirga has reached the Wana Scouts camp.	According to the local administration Tuesday evening near the south Waziristan at four additional political agent of Amir Latif to a Tribal Jirga Wana scouts camp. 	According to the local administration on Tuesday evening at four additional political agent of South Waziristan, A Tribal Jirga to Amir Latif Wana scouts camp.
However, they did not say who kidnapped the Additional Political Agent.	However, he has not revealed how additional political agent who had been kidnapped.	However, He has not said that additional political agent who was kidnapped. 	But he has not said that additional political agent who was kidnapped.
However, the local people say that it was the local Taliban members of the Mullah Nazir group who kidnapped the political agent.	However, local people say that political agent was abducted by local Taliban Mullah Nazir group.	However, Local people say that political agent to Mullah Nazir group's local Taliban was kidnapped. 	However, local people said that the political agent was kidnapped by the local Taliban Mullah Nazir group.
Aamir Latif had been kidnapped at the time when he was going from Wana to Tank.	Amir Latif was kidnapped at this time, when he was going to Pakistan.	Amir Latif was this time was kidnapped when he was being Wana. 	Amir Latif was kidnapped when he was from.
On January 11, 2009, seven armed masked men kidnapped Additional Political Agent Aamir Latif along with his driver from the tribal area Karkanara of South Waziristan.	Two thousand Nine including seven armed veil in the tribal region of South Waziristan, additional political agent Amir Latif driver abducted on January 11.	Two thousand January 9 to 11 in South Waziristan tribal area seven armed masked men additional political agent Amir Latif and driver kidnapped vowed. 	11 January 2002, nine in the tribal region of South Waziristan, seven armed masked men, including the driver and the additional political agent Amir.
According to a government worker, the kidnappers first disarmed the guards present in the car, then sat the Additional Political Agent in a car and took him away.	According to the official, kidnapping group was disarmed guards in the first car, and after the additional political agent were taken to be installed in a car.	According to official kidnapped fighters to guard in the first vehicle was unarmed, and after the additional political agent to sit in a car and were taken from there. 	, According to the official, there was an armed insurgents in the first car and the additional political agent to sit in a car were taken from there.
According to the local administration, after the kidnapping of the Additional Political Agent, security forces put a blockade on all the check posts in South Waziristan and the semi-tribal areas. There was a strict search of everyone coming and going, and authorities put an economic sanction on Wana since last week.	According to the local administration, additional political agent was kidnapped after the security forces surrounded the detention of all checkpoints in South Waziristan and semi-tribal areas, and those coming from the strict search was being taken and the last one week, officials also set economic ban on Pakistan.	According to the local administration after additional political agent of kidnapping South Waziristan, security forces and all the check posts in the tribal areas semi was beefed up and people coming and going of hard, and was being checked on Wana, the last one week, The officials economic ban was imposed. 	According to the local administration additional political agent after the kidnapping of the security forces in South Waziristan tribal areas and all, check posts and had come to was being searched, and the last one week, The authorities also imposed economic sanctions on Wana.
On December 8, 2008, Asmat Ullah, the Assistant Political Agent of North Waziristan, had also been kidnapped when he was going from Mir Ali to Bannu to spend Eid holidays. A few days later, unidentified masked men killed Tehsil administrator Aman Ullah along with two other individuals in North Waziristan.	8 December two thousand up the North Waziristan political agent asmat ullah was kidnapped at the time when he was going to Bannu to celebrate the Eid holidays. and the two people, including a few days after the Tehsildar Amanullah in North Waziristan, unknown, the veil was killed.	8 December 2002 up to North Waziristan political agent "God was also was kidnapped at this time when it Bannu to celebrate Eid holidays were going after few days. and the two people including Tehsildar Amanullah Khan in North Waziristan was killed by unknown masked. 	8 December 2002 up to North Waziristan, assistant political agent Ismat Allah also was kidnapped when he was to celebrate the Eid holidays to Bannu. and after a few days in North Waziristan Tehsildar two people, including Amanullah was killed by unidentified masked men.
British Hacker's Victory in Court	Victory in Court of British	British won in the court of the 	British won in the court of
A forty-two-year-old British citizen has admitted that he hacked the website of the American Army.	The 42-year-old British citizen has admitted that he was the American military website.	forty year old British citizen has admitted that he had U.S. military web site. 	forty year old British citizen to the Web site of the American Army has admitted that he.
Gary suffers from Asperger syndrome. A person suffering from Asperger syndrome has an obsession with doing one type of activity.	Embracing Asperger patient. It should be noted that only one way to Asperger&apos;s patients is an aberration to work.	Gary Asperger are patient. it clarified that the Asperger 's patient, like the one is madness to work. 	Gary Asperger patients. it should be noted that Asperger madness of a similar to the work of the patient.
His attorneys say that if he is handed over to America, it is feared that he will try to commit suicide.	His lawyers have said that if they were handed over to the United States, the fear is that he will try to committed suicide.	His lawyers said that if he was handed over to the United States, fear that he will try to suicide. 	His lawyers say that if he were handed over to the United States, fear that they will try to commit suicide.
However, the government attorneys say that there's little danger with respect to Gary's health.	Government lawyers, however, said that concerns about the health of embracing is very low.	However, government lawyers said that Gary regarding the health of apprehensions are very limited. 	However, government lawyers said that concerns about the health of Gary are very limited.
Lord Justice Morris K. and Mr. Justice Simon when declaring the verdict said that Gary is allowed to make an appeal in the British Court.	Lord justice and Justice Simon said that the decision is permitted embracing that they can apply for a British court review.	Lord Justice stages and Simon tells the decision, and said that it is allowed to stricter in British Court of review can request. 	Lord Justice stages and justice Simon tells the decision, said that Gary in British court that he is allowed to review the application.
Gary's attorneys had adopted the standpoint in court that if Gary is sent away from his home and family, he may commit suicide.	Embracing of lawyers, the court had adopted the position that if embracing was removed from his home and family, he can committed suicide	Gary's lawyers asked the court to position that was adopted in Gary, if his home and away from the family, they can commit suicide. 	Gary, the lawyers of the court in the position that Gary if he was away from home and family, he can commit suicide.
They went on to say that the Interior Secretary has not considered this matter.	He further said that it did not consider the Home Secretary.	He added that at the home secretary did not consider. 	He further said that it did not consider the Home Secretary.
But the government attorneys say that the Interior Secretary had used his authority.	But government lawyers said that the Home secretary had used their powers.	But government lawyers say that the home secretary were using their powers. 	But government lawyers say that the home secretary used his powers.
Gary has never denied hacking the website of the American Army.	Embracing has never is not denied to US military website.	Gary never American military web site is not to denies the. 	Gary never even to the Web site of the American Army has denied.
Gary had hacked the American computer system in the years 2001 and 2002, causing the American government to lose eight hundred thousand dollars.	Embracing the two thousand was one and two American computer system which has caused a loss of 8 million dollars to the U.S. government.	Gary and two in 2001 American computer system which was due to the American Government was a loss of 8 million dollars. 	Gary US computer system in 2001 and two was due to the American government has caused a loss of eight million dollars.
Gary had hacked the American Navy and NASA systems along with 97 computers.	Embracing 97 computers, including the American Navy and NASA system.	Gary American marines and 97 including the computer system. 	Gary American marines and news system, including 97 computer.
However, Gary says that he did not hack with any bad intentions. Rather, he was searching for information about aliens, which he thought the American government had kept secret.	However, embracing, says that he has not made any bad intentions but they were seeking information on natural deeds, which, in his opinion, the U.S. government was kept secret.	But Gary has said that he has no intentions to wrong. but he WAS looking for Information ABOUT THE Heavenly Creatures WHO they think the U.S. Government WAS kept secret. 	However, Gary has said that he has any wrong with not, but they were searching for Information ABOUT THE Heavenly Creatures who think the U.S. Government WAS kept secret.
Gary's mother, Janice Sharp, said that she is happy with the verdict.	Embracing mother Janice said that they are happy with the decision.	Gary's mother Council Sharp said that he is happy with the decision. 	Gary, The mother of sharp Karpinski said that he is pleased with the decision.
Gary's lawyer said, "It is the right verdict."	Embracing the lawyer said &quot;It is the right decision.	Gary's lawyer has said 'this is the right decision. 	Gary's lawyer said, this is the right decision.
This case has been going on since 2002, and at last a suitable decision has been reached.	This case is issued with two thousand two and finally has a right decision.	This case is continuing since 2002 and eventually has a right decision. 	This case in 2002, and in the end, is a right decision.
Kashmir: Two Hizb Commanders Killed	Kashmir: Two Killed Commander	Kashmir: Two Hezbollah commander killed 	Kashmir: two opposition commander killed
Lieutenant Colonel Acharya, spokesperson of the Indian army's northern command posted in Jammu, told BBC, "Based on a confirmed report, 24 men from the Rashtriya Rifles and Jammu Kashmir Police besieged the area in the Batyas forest belt in Tehsil Gandoh of the Doda District where armed extremists were hiding."	Northern command spokesman, Lieutenant Colonel of the Indian Army deployed in Jammu told BBC: &quot;in haus jungle in Tehsil of Doda district on receiving the reliable information, 24 rifles and men of Jammu and Kashmir police have surrounded the place where the armed extremist was sitting hidden.	Jammu in the Indian army's northern command spokesman Lieutenant Colonel appointed told the BBC: "24 rifles Jammu and Kashmir police force had Confirmed Information ON Gandwah District OF Doda District IN Haus AT JUNGLE HAS Surrounded THE PLACE WHERE ARMED Extremists WERE Sitting 	Jammu in the Indian army's northern command spokesman Lieutenant Colonel told the BBC: 24 Yadav rifles and Jammu and Kashmir police force has Confirmed Information ON Gandwah District OF Doda District In the Haus In the jungle has besieged the PLACE WHERE ARMED Extremists WERE Sitting.
They fired at the army and two armed extremists were killed in the counter-offensive.	He fired on the army and two armed extremist were killed in retaliatory action.	He fired at the army and counter two armed extremists were killed in action. 	He fired at the troops and two armed extremists were killed in the operation.
The spokesperson says that the two extremists killed include Zahoor Uddin Khanday, Tehsil Commander of the banned Hizbul Mujahideen, active in the district for the past twelve years, who was an expert in explosives.	The spokesman said that two militants were killed in 12 years is also restricted active in the district, district commander of Hizbul Mujahideen Zahoor-ud-Din, who was an expert in exploded explosive.	spokesman said that two militants were killed in active in 12 years, district and prohibited Uddin extraordinarily district commander of Hizbul Mujahideen, who was expert in land mine blast. 	spokesman said that two militants were killed in the district since twelve years working in the district commander of Hizbul Mujahideen, Chanda, who was an expert in explosive blast.
The other was identified as Sajjad Hussain who, according to the army, had been affiliated with the extremists since last year.	With this, according to the army, which has been identified as Sajjad Hussain had been associated with the extremists from last year.	Sajjad identified with it, has been the last year, according to the army, was linked with the extremists. 	, along with the identity of Sajjad Hassan, has been associated with extremists from last year, according to the army.
According to Acharya, the operation is still underway in the forest belt because, he says, it is possible there are more extremists present there. The army says that during the first stage of the operation, two Kalashnikov rifles were also recovered.	The army said two Kalashnikov rifles were recovered in the first phase of the operation, according to the rural areas is still continuing operation because the possibility of further extremists presence there.	According to this operation still continues in rural areas because according to him, There are more extremists army has said that the possibility of the presence of two Kalashnikov in the first phase of Operation, were also recovered. 	, According to the forest area in the operation is still on as, according to him, more of the possibility of the presence of extremists, The army said that the operation in the first phase of the two Kalashnikov were also recovered.
Yesterday the provincial head of police Kuldip Kumar Khoda, while issuing the 2008 statistics, declared this to be the most peaceful year until now.	Yesterday, the province&apos;s police chief Kumar coop issued figures of 8 year, while this year, so far the most peaceful year declared.	Yesterday, The police chief of the province Kumar The year 2000 eight figures, While issuing this year so far, the most peaceful year of. 	Yesterday, The police chief of the province Kuldeep Kumar Khuda The year 2000 eight and figures this year while the most peaceful year till now.
It is worth mentioning that no violence took place during the Assembly elections held in seven stages in November and December.	No violence was not in the Assembly elections is worth mentioning that in seven phases in November and December.	worth mentioning is that in November and December in the assembly elections in seven stages of There was no violence. 	worth mentioning is that no violence in seven stages in the assembly elections in November and December.
More than 350 candidates took part in these elections.	13 and a half the more than 100 candidates participated in the elections.	Thirteen more than hundred fifty in these elections took part. 	In these elections, 13 More than 100 took part.
Hizbul Mujahideen has been active in Jammu and Kashmir for the last eighteen years.	It should be noted that the last 18 years is active in Jammu and Kashmir.	It should be noted that last 18 years Hizbul Mujahideen is active in Jammu and Kashmir. 	It should be noted that Hizbul Mujahideen is active in Jammu and Kashmir for the past 18 years.
For the first time in July 2000, Hizb announced a unilateral cease fire, after which dialogue took place between the Indian government and Hizb commanders.	The one-sided had announced in July for the first time, after which talks between the government of India and the commanders was.	The first time Hezbollah has unilaterally in July 2000 which was announced after the government talks between India and the commanders. 	Hezbollah for the first time in July 2000 unilaterally was announced after talks between the Indian Government and opposition commanders.
However, the cease-fire ended within only fifteen days.	However, only ended fire within 15 days.	However only 15 days in the seas fire ended. 	However, only the ceasefire within 15 days.
Later on numerous high commanders of Hizbul Mujahideen were killed in different operations.	Later, several senior commanders of the opposition were killed in an different.	Later number of Hizbul Mujahideen high commanders were killed in different 	Later, many senior commanders of Hizbul Mujahideen Different was killed.
On Thursday, Pakistan's well-known daily newspaper, "The News," wrote about the extremist groups settled in Pakistani-administered Kashmir that Lashkar-e-Tayaba and Hizbul Mujahideen have decided to review their Kashmir policy.	On Thursday, that was written about Pakistan&apos;s famous daily, the news, extremist groups residing in Kashmir under the Pakistan Army and the decided to review the Kashmir policy.	Thursday to Pakistan's popular daily, The news, has lived in Kashmir under the auspices of the extremist groups that had written about troop mujahideen Hizbul Mujahideen and has decided to review policy on Kashmir. 	On Thursday, under the auspices of the famous newspaper, The news of Pakistan that was written about the extremist groups in Kashmir, and Hizbul Mujahideen has decided to review policy on Kashmir.
The policy of both organizations until now has been that the Kashmir issue can be resolved through armed resistance.	It should be noted that the policy of both organizations until now was that the Kashmir issue cannot be resolved through armed resistance.	It should be noted that both organizations for the policy of the armed resistance, It was that the Kashmir issue can be resolved through. 	It should be noted that it was the policy of the two organizations that the Kashmir issue can be resolved through armed resistance.
Dera Bugti: Bomb Blast on Gas Pipeline	Dera: Explosion on a Gas Pipeline.	Dera Bugti on gas pipeline explosion 	Dera Bugti on gas pipeline explosion
According to police officials, an eighteen-inch diameter pipeline running from Loti Gas Field to Pir Koh has been ruptured by the explosion.	According to police officials Monday from the gas field mountains to the 18-inch pipeline from Qatar to the blast.	According to police officials returned Monday from gas field to remain the 18 inches of Qatar pipeline has been me from the explosion. 	According to police officials from the Loti gas field on Monday has been put in the pipeline explosion of Qatar 18 inches.
This pipeline runs toward the Sui Plant.	The pipeline is the direction of the Sui plant.	Sui This pipeline is direction of the plant. 	This pipeline is the Sui plant.
Meanwhile, a person by the name of Sarbaz Baloch, presenting himself as the spokesperson of the banned organization, the Baloch Republican Army, has accepted responsibility for the attack on behalf of his organization over the telephone.	Meanwhile, yourself, the spokesman of the outlawed organization Baloch Republican army appears to the Baloch, a person from the telephone organization has claimed responsibility for the attack.	Meanwhile themselves on the banned organization Baloch who the Republican Army spokesman of the telephone a person named by organization claimed the responsibility for the attack. 	Meanwhile the banned organization, the spokesman of the Republican Army shows to the Baluch person named the telephone from the organization that claimed responsibility for the attack.
This is the fourth gas pipeline, which has been blown up in four days.	In the fourth gas pipeline explosion has been.	fourth in gas pipeline has been put up. 	carried in the fourth round of the gas pipeline has been put up.
On Friday in Dera Allah Yar, an eighteen-inch diameter pipeline was destroyed, repair of which was underway until Sunday morning.	On Friday, a 18-inch Qatar pipeline in Dera Allah Yar had been destroyed, of which the repair work was continued till Sunday morning.	In Dera Allah Yar on Friday A 18 inches of Qatar was destroyed the pipeline which of the repair work was continued till Sunday morning. 	Dera Allah Yar on Friday 18 inches of Qatar in the repair work of the pipeline was destroyed on Sunday morning was issued.
Mushtaq Siddiqui, General Manager of Sui Southern Gas Company in Quetta, has said the gas supply through this pipeline will be opened in the afternoon.	Mushtaq Siddiqui, general manager of Sui Southern Gas Company in Quetta said that supply of gas to the pipeline will be started after noon.	In Quetta Sui Southern Gas Company general manager Siddiqui has said that the supply of gas from the pipeline will be made after noon. 	Sui Southern Gas in Quetta, general manager of the company, has said that the supply of gas from the pipeline will be started after noon.
This pipeline comes to Quetta by way of Sibbi.	The pipeline is being our way of Quetta.	Quetta via the pipeline sibbi. 	This pipeline is the way in Quetta.
There has been a severe shortage of gas for the past three days in Quetta, Ziarat, and other surrounding areas, where, on top of the continuous snowfall and temperature which has fallen below the freezing point, heaters and stoves are now no longer working.	There is a severe shortage of gas from three days in Quetta, Pilgrimage and other areas where the snowfall is continuing and the temperature fell down from the perspective congelation. and, on the other hand, heaters and stoves have had cool.	Pilgrimage and Quetta in other areas gas from three days of snowfall is where a severe shortage of higher temperatures below the status is continuing, and fell down from stoves and heaters and other has been cool have been shelved. 	Quetta shrine and other areas in three days is a severe shortage of gas as snowfall is continuing, and the temperature to below the freezing point, fell down and on the other hand, stoves and heaters are cool.
In addition, there was a bomb blast from a motorcycle in Mal Mandi in the city of Dera Bugti, but according to police there has been no loss of life due to the blast.	It also was attacked in a motorcycle in the property market in the city of Dera Bugti, but according to police, the blast is any casualty.	Besides the Dera Bugti in property market in the city in motorcycle explosion took place according to the police, but this has not been a sort of loss of lives in the explosion. 	In this town of Dera Bugti in the property market, The explosion took place in a motorcycle, But according to the police, The explosion was not any kind of loss of lives.
Administrator for Jamaat-ud-Dawa	Administrator for Party	Party administrator for the 	Party administrator for the
The Tayaba Center, headquarters for Jamaat-ud-Dawa, is in Mureedkay, about twenty-five kilometers from Lahore.	The party is in the center, about 25 kilometers from Lahore sheep.	Party center of mujahideen about 25 km away from Lahore in the school. 	Party of center, about 25 km away from Lahore in the school.
This Center includes hospitals, schools and student hostels.	The Hostel of Hospitals, schools and students are also included in the center.	Hospital in this center, school and hostels of students are also included. 	Hospitals, schools and students in the center of the hostel are also included.
Punjab Law Minister Rana Sanaullah Khan says that the appointment of a supervisor in Jamaat-ud-Dawa's Center has taken place so that the work of its welfare organizations will not be hindered.	Punjab Law Minister Rana Sanaullah Khan said that the process for the appointment of surveillance in the center of the party have been brought so there welfare work is not affected.	Law Minister Punjab is routinely Rana Khan said that the deployment of the charge in the centre of the party so that there has been brought in for welfare agencies work not be affected. 	Law minister in Punjab Rana, Khan said that the has been brought in for the appointment of the caretaker in the center of the process so that there the work of welfare institutions.
According to Khalid Waleed, son-in-law of the head of Jamaat-ud-Dawa Hafiz Saeed, high government official Khaqan Babar has been appointed as an administrator for the supervision of hospitals, schools and other welfare organizations located in the Center, while the Center's police staff has also been increased.	According to Amir Jamaat-e-Hafiz Saeed Walid Khalid, located in the center for the supervision of Hospitals, schools and other social institutions, a senior government official has been appointed as the Emperor Babar administrator and there has been an increase in the number of police in the center.	Party According to the Khalid Waleed Hafiz Saeed, Emir of the Center located in hospitals, schools and other welfare organizations to supervise the emperor Babar, a chief government official has been appointed administrator while, according to him, in a police Center has also increased. 	Party of Hafiz Saeed, Khalid Waleed According to the center, located in hospitals, schools and other welfare institutions under the supervision of a chief government official for the emperor Babar has been appointed as the administrator, according to him, the center has also increased in the police.
The United Nations' Security Council placed a sanction on Jamaat-ud-Dawa, after which Pakistan's federal government has taken action throughout the country against Jamaat-ud-Dawa, and head of Jamaat-ud-Dawa Hafiz Saeed, along with other leaders, has been placed under house arrest. The appointment of an administrator in the Tayaba Center by the Punjab government is another of the actions being taken on behalf of the federal government against Jamaat-ud-Dawa.	The UN Security Council has imposed a ban on the party, after which the government of Punjab to appoint center in the federal government of Pakistan to take action against all over the country, and other leaders including party leader Hafiz Saeed has been detained. The party against by the federal government is the continuation of the proceedings.	The United Nations Security Council has imposed the ban on party, which after Pakistan's federal government take action against the throughout the country and to other leaders, including party leader Hafiz Saeed detainee has been. the Punjab government center from the mujahideen in appointed by the federal government to party against the continuation of the operation. 	The UN Security Council has the ban imposed on Pakistan after the federal government from all over the country, The action against Hafiz Saeed and other leaders of the party and the government has been closed. Punjab in the center of the appointed to the federal government by the party is the continuation of the action against the audio.
Khaqan Babar is from the DMG or District Management Group.	Emperor Babar belong to D. M. G., District management group.	Emperor of Babar D M G district to Management Group. 	Emperor Babar belonged to the dig, district Management Group.
Hafiz Khalid Waleed said that Khusro Pervez Khan, Commissioner of the Lahore Division, came to the Tayaba Center on Sunday along with police and civil administrators and inspected different parts of the Center. Khalid Waleed has condemned the appointment of an administrator in Jamaat-ud-Dawa's Center and said that the number of children in the schools and patients in the hospitals of the Center had already shrunk due to the actions of the government.	Hafiz Walid Khalid said that the commissioner Lahore division Khusru Pervez Khan Sunday came along with the police and civil administration in the center and inspected different parts of center Walid Khalid has condemned to appoint administrators in the center of the party on behalf of the government and said that due to the first government operations, located in the center is a reduction in the number of patients in the hospital and school children.	Hafiz Khalid Waleed said on Sunday that the commissioner in Lahore division Park Pervez Khan with police and civil administration Center come in different parts of the center and inspected. Khalid Waleed party on behalf of the government condemned the appointed administrator in the centre of the and has already said that due to the activities of the government Center located in patients in hospital and there has been a reduction in the number of children in school. 	Hafiz said that Khalid Waleed commissioner Lahore division Pervez Khan on Sunday along with the police and the civil administration Center in Taipei and in different parts of the Center. Khalid Waleed party from the government administrator in the center of the condemned the already said that due to the activities of the government Center, located in the patients in the hospital and there has been a reduction in the number of children in school.
According to Jamaat-ud-Dawa's press release, Jamaat's head Hafiz Saeed has written a letter to General Secretary of the United Nations Ban Ki-Moon and the Committee for the Taliban in which an appeal has been made to lift the sanction placed on the Jamaat by the Security Council.	On the other hand, according to a press release of the party, party leader, Hafiz Saeed has written a letter to UN General Secretary arrow silence and committee for Taleban, in which he appealed to the Security Council to end the ban imposed by the party.	Party, According to a press release of the party leader Hafiz Saeed, Secretary General of the United Nations committee honeymoon and race for the name of Taliban has written a letter in which the Security Council to them to end the ban imposed on the party has been asked to. 	On the other hand, The party Hafiz Saeed, According to a press release of the party and the silence of the United Nations General Secretary of trade committee for the name of Taliban wrote a letter in which they appealed to the UN Security Council to end the ban imposed on the party.
In the letter it is stated that the Security Council's unilateral decision for a sanction on the Jamaat-ud-Dawa is unjust and that Jamaat-ud-Dawa has no connection with terrorism, but is busy doing welfare work.	It was said in the letter that the Security Council is an injustice by one-sided decision of the ban on Party and Jamaat has no connection with terrorism, but it is busy in welfare work.	It was said in the letter that the Security Council to party decided unilaterally to ban on injustice and party has no connection with terrorism of but it is engaged in welfare work. 	It was said in the letter that the UN Security Council on behalf of the party has unilaterally decided to ban on injustice. and has nothing to do with terrorism but it is engaged in welfare activities.
Edhi on Relief Mission to Gaza	On Relief Mission of Edhi Gaza	On relief mission of the Edhi Gaza 	Edhi Gaza on the relief mission.
He has just now been able to reach Egypt from New York after passing through several stages for acquiring the needed permission to enter Gaza.	To obtain the required permission to enter Gaza, after passing through many stages now, he can succeed in coming to Egypt from New York.	In Gaza entered the need for many stages to get permission to he now after the passage of New York have succeeded in reaching Egypt. 	Gaza entered the need to get permission for the passing of several stages after he can be successful in Egypt from New York.
When talking to the BBC Urdu Service from Cairo, he said that he has not yet been able to reach Gaza because Egypt and Israel have set up many barriers.	Talking to BBC Urdu service from Cairo, he said that he still could not reach Gaza because Egypt and Israel have been parked many obstacles.	While talking with the BBC Urdu service from Cairo, He said that he still could not reach Gaza because Egypt and Israel has a lot of obstacles standing. 	The BBC Urdu service from Cairo, He said that he still could not reach Gaza because Egypt and Israel has many obstacles.
He said, "I have been here for eight days and have not yet received permission to go to Gaza.	He said that I have come here eight days and still was not allowed to go to Gaza.	He said, "I came here eight days have been and still not allowed to leave Gaza. 	He said, I came here eight days have been and still was not allowed to go to Gaza.
I am in Cairo right now and hope that tomorrow I'll get permission to enter Gaza."	&quot;I am in Cairo at this time and it is hoped that tomorrow will be received permission to go to Gaza.	'in this time and I hope that tomorrow in Cairo will be allowed to leave Gaza. 	In Cairo at this time, and I hope that tomorrow will be allowed to go to Gaza.
Going into more detail, he said, "At first I had only been given a visa to go to Gaza for seven days but later, as I insisted, the Pakistani officials helped me and got it extended to a one-month visa, but on the condition that I go to Gaza only once, making a single entry."	While discussing the details, he said: &quot;I was invited only 7 days to go to Gaza first and then in my insistence on the Pakistani authorities to help me and it only one time in a month that this condition but will leave Gaza, single.	Giving details, He said: "I first to Gaza after was given visa for only seven days and in my insistence on the Pakistani officials to help me and prevailed, but on condition of a month, will go only once in Gaza that single arriving. 	giving more details, He said: I was only seven days of visa to go to Gaza first and then in my insistence on the Pakistani officials to help me and of one month, but on the condition that only once in Gaza will be a single arriving.
He said that his son and daughters are with him and they want to do relief work in Gaza.	He said that their son and daughters are and they want to have the relief work in Gaza.	He said that with her son and daughters are and they want to work in Gaza. 	He said that his son and daughters and they want to work in Gaza.
"I have brought some money with me.	&quot;I brought some money.	'I get some money. 	'I have come with some money.
I have given a $100,000 check to the Red Cross in Egypt and also gave $10,000 in cash so that they can send relief supplies to Gaza."	Egypt has given a check of 100,000 dollars to the Red Cross and 10 thousand dollars cash are also given so that they send relief goods in Gaza.	Egypt one million dollars to the Red Cross of check and ten thousand dollars cash so that they are given also sending relief goods into Gaza. 	Egypt's Red Cross check of 1 million and 100 thousand dollars in cash. so they sent relief goods in Gaza.
Four More Ministers in Cabinet; Sixty-Three Total	Four More Ministers in Cabinet, Tomorrow	Four more ministers in the cabinet, 63 tomorrow 	Four other ministers in the cabinet, 63
The four new federal ministers include two from the Muttahida Qaumi Movement and two from the Fazl-ur-Rehman group of Jamiat Ulema-e-Islam.	Two Muttahida Qaumi Movement in four new federal ministers and two Jamiat Ulema-e-Islam Fazlur Rehman, are members of the group.	Two United National Movement in four new federal ministers and two members of the Jamiat Islam Fazlur Rehman Group E are included. 	Four new federal ministers in the United National Movement and Jamiat Islam scholars are members of the group.
President Asif Ali Zardari administered the oath to the new ministers.	The new Ministers took oath from President Asif Ali Zardari.	President Asif Ali Zardari, administered the oath to the new ministers. 	New ministers from the president took oath Asif Ali Zardari.
Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gilani and the members of the Federal Cabinet were also present in the oath-taking ceremony.	Swearing-in ceremony of Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani, members of the federal cabinet also present	Oath swearing in ceremony of Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gilani, the members of the federal cabinet also present 	Oath taking ceremony in Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gilani, all the members of the federal cabinet
The total number of federal ministers, ministers for state, and advisers, including the four new ministers in the Federal Cabinet, is 63.	With the inclusion of four new ministers in the federal cabinet, Federal Minister, State Minister and the total number of advisors has been.	Four new ministers of inclusion in the federal cabinet secretaries and Federal Minister, minister of state with universal number of 63. 	Federal Minister, minister of state with the participation in the federal cabinet of four new ministers and secretaries of the number, 63.
The two ministers from MQM are Farooq Sattar and Babar Ghauri, while Azam Swati and Maulana Atta-ur-Rehman are from the Fazl-ur-Rehman group of Jamiat Ulema-e-Islam.	Two ministers of the MQM are Farooq Sattar and Babar Ghauri and Jamiat Ulema Islam are Prime Swati and Maulana Fazlur Rehman Group Ataur Rehman.	MQM Farooq Sattar and the two ministers Babar Ghauri and Jamiat Islam scholars prime Swati and Maulana Fazlur Rehman group included Ataur Rahman. 	Two ministers of the MQM Farooq Sattar and Babar Ghauri and Jamiat Islam group in prime Swati and Maulana Ataur Rahman.
The portfolios of these ministers have not yet been announced.	Yet, the departments of these ministers have not announced.	Yet these ministers departments has not been announced. 	These departments of ministers has not been announced.
Farooq Sattar is the convener of MQM, while Babar Ghauri is MQM's senator, and his term ends on March 10.	Farooq Sattar are convener of MQM while Babar Ghauri MQM Senator and his period ended on March 10.	Farooq Sattar, while the convener of the MQM Babar Ghauri MQM period of Senator and they are being ended on March 10. 	Farooq Sattar, The convener of the MQM, Babar Ghauri, senator and March 10 of his term is to end.
Azam Swati was elected senator as an independent candidate and is among the wealthiest senators.	As prime Swati independent Senator were elected and it is counted in the richest Senator.	Prime Swati as Azad, and he was elected senator in a considered among the richest Senator. 	Prime Swati free as he was elected senator and a lot of the richest Senator.
Maulana Atta-ur-Rehman is a member of the National Assembly and is the younger brother of Maulana Fazl-ur-Rehman.	Maulana Ataur Rahman are a member of the National Assembly and the younger brother of Maulana Fazal ur Rehman.	Maulana Ataur Rahman, a member of the National Assembly and Maulana Fazlur Rehman, the younger brother. 	Maulana Ataur Rahman, a member of the National Assembly and the younger brother of Maulana Fazlur Rehman.
It should be noted that the four advisers holding important positions are not members of the National Assembly.	It should be remembered that all four advisers to important posts are not members of the national assembly.	Remember that occupy four secretaries on important posts are not members of the National Assembly. 	Remember that important posts on four Secretaries are not members of the National Assembly.
When twenty-two new ministers and eighteen ministers of state had been included in the Cabinet on November 3, 2008, at that time it was thought that MQM members will also be included in the Cabinet, but due to disagreement about the distribution of ministries, MQM was not included.	It should be noted that on November 3, two thousand 8 were also included 22 new ministers and 18 ministers of state in the cabinet, this time was being believed that members of the MQM would be included in the cabinet, however, due to differences in the distribution of ministries, MQM had not been included.	clarified that three two thousand eight cabinet in November 22 18 new ministers and ministers of state were included, was being believed at the time the MQM in that the cabinet members will also be included However because of differences in the distribution of ministries MQM was not included. 	clarified that three November 22 new ministers in the cabinet and 18 cabinet ministers were included, at this time, it was believed that the MQM members will also be included in the cabinet, However, due to the differences in the distribution of ministries, was not included.
Balochistan: Pipeline Exploded	Baluchistan, Blew up a Pipeline.	Baluchistan, blew the pipeline 	Baluchistan, blew up the pipeline
According to police, unidentified individuals ruptured the 18-inch diameter pipeline that runs from different wells in Pir Koh to the Sui gas plant with an explosion in the early morning.	According to the police, 18-inch Qatar is the pipeline which is the Sui Gas plant and different wells of mountains on Monday that unidentified men blew up in the morning.	According to the police, this 18 inches of Qatar pipeline which is different Hill Monday in the Sui gas plant on and this is unknown people blew up early in the morning. 	According to the police, This is a pipeline of 18 inches Monday in different fields in the Sui gas plant, and it is unknown people blew up early in the morning.
Yesterday, Sui well number 3 was completely destroyed by an explosion, and a gas pipeline near Dera Allah Yar has been damaged by an explosion.	Besides this, yesterday in Sui well No. 3 was completely destroyed by the explosion and a gas pipeline explosion near Dera Allah Yar was harmful.	Besides the well number three in Sui yesterday to completely destroyed by the explosion, and the near Dera Allah Yar, a gas pipeline was damaged in the explosion. 	Well number three in Sui yesterday completely destroyed by the explosion, and a gas pipeline near Dera Allah Yar was damaged in the explosion.
Sarbaaz Baloch, spokesman of the banned organization, the Baloch Republican Army, has accepted responsibility for these blasts on behalf of his organization.	The responsibility of the explosions outlawed organization Baloch Republican army spokesman Baloch has accepted on behalf of his organization.	Responsibility of these explosions Baloch Republican Army spokesman banned organization has accepted by his organization. 	The responsibility of the explosion the banned organization of the Republican Army spokesman has accepted by his organization.
Since the beginning of 2009, there has been an increase in incidents of violence in Balochistan.	In Balochistan, 9 year two thousand started as the violence has increased.	Two thousand years in Baluchistan reconstruction started in the incidents of violence has increased. 	Started the year two thousand in Baluchistan in the incidents of violence has increased.
To date this month, dozens of gas pipelines have been ruptured, while attacks on trains and people from the province of Punjab have increased.	This month has so far been dozens of gas pipelines from the blasts and attacks on people belonging to the trains and Punjab province has increased.	So far this month to dozens of gas pipe lines me with the explosions while railway trains and belonging to the Punjab province was the increase in attacks on people. 	So far this month, dozens of gas pipe lines has been put to blasts and attacks on rail cars and people from Punjab province.
Although Nawab Aslam Raisani, Chief Minister of Balochistan, has expressed concern over these incidents and issued orders to the police to exchange information with the secret services, preventing these incidents has not yet been possible.	Balochistan Chief Minister Nawab Aslam, although they have expressed concern over the incidents and the exchange of information with the police and intelligence agencies have been ordered so far, the prevention of these incidents could not be possible.	Balochistan Chief Minister Nawab Aslam Although these incidents have expressed concern over and exchange Of Information WITH The police Intelligence Agencies orders have been Issued so far But STOP OF These Incidents COULD Not be possible. 	chief minister of Balochistan, Aslam has expressed concern over these incidents and the police and intelligence agencies WITH Information Exchange Issued Orders, But up to now TO prevent Incidents COULD Not be possible.
$819 Billion Economic Recovery Package Approved	Economic Aid Package of 56 Billion Dollars Approved	economic package of rehabilitation of 819 billion dollars approved 	819 billion dollars of the package of economic rehabilitation
No member of the Republican Party has voted in favor of President Obama's plan.	The President, any member has not voted in favor of this project, any belonging to the party.	The plan of President belonging to any party in favor of any member who did not vote. 	President Obama's Any member belonging to the Republican Party did not vote in favor of the plan.
The Republican members said that this economic plan is very "expensive" and will not be effective.	Members will not be said that this is very economic plan, expensive, and home.	members had said that this very expensive 'economic plan' will and will not be effective. 	Members said that the economic plan is very expensive and will not be effective.
In the House of Representatives, 244 votes were cast in favor of this package and 188 against it.	Have been 200 and 100 votes in opposition in favor of this package in the House of Representatives.	This package in the House of Representatives in favor of two hundred and forty one hundred in 1988 while opposition votes were cast. 	In the House of Representatives in favor of the package while two hundred and forty opposition in a 1988 votes were cast.
This economic recovery plan is to be presented next week in the Senate where the ruling Democratic Party has a minimal majority.	The plan of economic rehabilitation next week is to be presented in the Senate, where the government is a little majority Democratic Party.	economic rehabilitation of this plan should be presented in the Senate next week is where Hezbollah is extraordinary majority Democratic Party to power. 	economic rehabilitation of this plan is to be presented next week in the Senate, where the opposition Democrat Party, the majority.
It is feared that due to the Republican Party's severe opposition, its approval by the Senate will not be easy.	Concern has been expressed that due to strong opposition from the party, it will not easy approval from the Senate.	Is being expressed apprehension that due to the severe opposition from the party The approval from the Senate will not be easy. 	are feared to be due to severe opposition from the Republican Party approval from the Senate will not be easy.
After the approval of the economic recovery plan in the House of Representatives, Barack Obama urged the members not to let political differences get in the way of this important plan.	After the approval of the plan of economic rehabilitation in the House of Representatives, said while stressing members that they do not allow political differences to obstacles in the path of this important project.	Economic restoration in the House of Representatives approved the plan after the stressed on the members, said that political differences should not allow obstacles in the way of this important project. 	Barak Obama, After the approval of the plan of the economic restoration in the House of Representatives members, said that political differences should not be obstacles in the way of this important project.
The president said that this plan, which he hopes will become a law by next month, will prove to be helpful in creating a favorable environment in the country for American commerce to thrive.	The President said that this project will prove helpful in building a manufacturing environment in the country about which he hoped that next month will take the form of the law which will be to promote trade in US.	President said that this project in which he expressed the hope that the law until next month will take shape in the country will be helpful in a legislative environment in which could promote trade in American will. 	President said that this project in which he expressed the hope that by next month, will be the situation of the law would be helpful in making a legislative environment in the country, in which the American Trade Promotion.
Under this plan there will be a bailout in loans of $275 billion for common people and the business community, and $540 billion will be given towards roads, bridges, modernization of 10,000 schools, unemployment allowance, and research of new technologies.	Under this plan, two hundred and seventy-five billion dollars in loans out of schools, roads, bridges, 10 thousand and five hundred 40 billion to serve, unemployment for the common men and traders community will be given to the research of new technology.	Under this plan, ordinary men and business community of 200 75 billion dollars for the disengagement and five hundred and forty billion in loans renovated ten thousand schools, roads, bridges, and unemployment will be given for the research of new 	Under this plan, the men of the two hundred of 75 billion dollars in loans, roads, bridges, ten thousand and five hundred and forty billion for the school, unemployment, and New will be for the research.
BBC's Washington correspondent Richard Lister said that Barack Obama is determined to put aside political differences and introduce a new political culture, but argument over this economic package has once again created bitterness on political grounds.	In Washington, the BBC correspondent Richard has said that the political differences so low, a new political culture was determined to recognizant, but once again the debate on the economic package created bitterness in political basis.	BBC correspondent Richard Lister in Washington has said that while throwing the political differences behind degraded to a new political culture character but it was determined to hold discussion on economic package has once again created bitterness in political basis. 	Richard Lister, BBC correspondent in Washington said that Barak Obama has political differences to little while casting a new political culture in the determination of the character, but discussion on economic package has once again in a political basis.
Republican Party members in the House of Representatives declared the bill proposed by the government as a waste of government money and said that it will not help in creating new opportunities for employment.	Members of the party in the House of Representatives declared the bill proposed by the government as a waste of money to the government and said that it will not get any help in creating new jobs.	party in the House of Representatives members of the government to bill proposed by the government as a waste of money and said that the new employment will get no help to create 	In the House of Representatives party members of the bill proposed by the government to the government as a waste of money and said that it will not get any help in creating new job.
They emphasized the bill proposed by their own party in which more consideration has been given to tax reduction.	He stressed on the bill proposed by his party which has been given much attention on immunity in.	He has stressed his party on the bill proposed by the in which more attention has been given the rebate. 	He stressed on the bill proposed by his party, in which has been given more attention on the disengagement.
They said that through their package, perhaps more opportunities for employment can be created with less investment.	He said through his package of employment in a more reduced investment more can create.	He said his much less through the package of employment in the investment can create more 	He said the package, much less can be did more of employment in the investment.
They said that more immediate opportunities for employment can be created by reducing taxes than by a constructive plan.	He said that the construction project to flourish in taxation can create more immediate employment	He said that the construction of the project in taxes contents out immediately, employment, More than can created 	He said that the construction project did the contents of taxes to create more job immediately go
Bitterness between Israeli President and Turkish Prime Minister	Bitterness in Israeli President, Turkish Prime Minister	Israeli President, prime minister in bitterness 	The Israeli president, prime minister in
Recep Tayyip Erdogan, almost screaming, told the Israeli President that the blood of many people has been shed in Gaza, and he was sorry to see that people can applaud the justification for Israel's invasion.	Rajab Tayyeb said about the Israeli President has said that the blood of many people in Gaza and that he was sorry to see that people on the Israeli side, the army can fit on the justification of daily.	Rajab Tayyeb The Israeli president said while crying that has been Spilt blood of human beings in Gaza and was sorry to see him that the people by the Israeli military on the reason of clapping can also rang. 	Rajab Tayyeb, Reagan crying, The Israeli president said in Gaza that has been shed the blood of human beings and was sorry to see him that people from the Israeli army can encourage on the justification of genocide.
Mr. Erdogan said, "It seems to me that perhaps you are speaking in such a way, even shouting, so as to remove your feeling of guilt, but you have killed people - and I am talking about those children who were killed near the beach."	Mr. said: &quot;&quot; I think that you are using such words for their guilt problems and perhaps, he raised his voice but you had killed people and I am remembering the children who were killed near the beach.	Mr. said: "I think that you are perhaps their guilt for correcting such words are used and he also high voice but you have killed people and I am remembering those children who was killed near the beach. 	Reagan said: I think that you are using the words for correcting their guilt and they also raise the voice but you have killed people and I remember their children were killed near the coast.
Shimon Peres said that in Gaza it is Hamas, not Israel, who has established a dangerous dictatorship there.	Perez said that the tragedy of Gaza is not Israel, Hamas, which has been established as a dangerous dictator there.	Perez said that the Gaza tragedy, not Israel, Hamas, which has committed dangerous dictator championship established there. 	Shimon Perez said that the tragedy of Gaza is not Israel, Hamas has set up the dangerous dictatorship.
One BBC correspondent from Davos says that this kind of scene has never been witnessed before at the World Economic Forum.	A BBC correspondent from Davis says that ever before the World Economic Forum, it was not at the scene.	from A BBC correspondent says that the World Economic Forum in this first ever I did not watch the scene. 	Dos, A BBC correspondent says that the international economic forum in the first ever was not in the scene.
However, Erdogan said later that he respects the Israeli President and his age, as well, and this was not the reason he shouted at him, but rather because what he was saying was far from true.	Later, however, said that they do respect the president and his life as a result of which they do not yell at them, but he was saying something that he was far from the truth.	However after the has said that while he respects to the president of his age and are also due to which they not yell at them but whatever she was saying he was miles away from the truth. 	However, said that he president to respect their age and are also due to yell at them, but they were saying the truth from miles away.
Turkey is among the few Islamic countries which have diplomatic relations with Israel, although for the past few years there has been tension between them.	Turkey is their sugarcane grams Muslim countries which have diplomatic relations with Israel, but the last few years is found in tension.	Turkey these sugarcane grams to in Muslim countries which have diplomatic relations with Israel but the last few years of tension in is found. 	Turkey is one in Muslim countries, which have diplomatic relations with Israel but there is tension in the last few years.
"Attacks Not Planned in Pakistan"	&quot;The Attack Was Not Planned in Pakistan.	not in Pakistan attack plan 	'attack in Pakistan do not plan'
When talking to Indian channel "NDTV," Wajid Shamsul Hassan said that Pakistan's investigative report of the Mumbai attacks will be issued soon.	Talking to the Indian TV channel, N. D., Wajid Shamsul Hasan said that the Pakistani investigation report of the Mumbai attacks will soon be has issued.	Indian TV channel 'N. while talking to Wajid Shamsul Hasan said that the Mumbai attacks Pakistani investigation report will be issued soon. 	Indian channel, TV, 'while talking to Wajid Shamsul Hasan said that the Mumbai attacks The Pakistani investigation report will be issued soon.
More than 170 people were killed during last November's attacks in Mumbai.	Last November, more than 100 people were killed in the attacks in Mumbai.	Last November in the Mumbai attacks In one hundred more than 70 people were killed. 	Last November, More than 70 people were killed in the attacks in Mumbai.
India says that the extremist group Lashkar-e-Tayaba is responsible for the attacks.	India says that responsibility for the attacks is on the extremist group Lashkar-e-.	India says that responsibility for the attacks of extremist organization Mujahideen is on. 	India says that the attacks the responsibility of the extremist organization mujahideen.
India also said that there was a level of Pakistani "government involvement" in the Mumbai attacks.	India has also said that Pakistan, state elements, in Mumbai attacks were involved.	Mumbai, India has also said that Pakistan 'state of elements, were involved in the attacks. 	India has also said that state elements of Pakistan were involved in the Mumbai attacks.
Relations between the two countries have declined after the Mumbai attacks.	The relations between the two countries after the Mumbai attacks have been affected.	following the Mumbai attacks have been affected relations between the two countries. 	After the Mumbai attacks affected relations between the two countries.
High Commissioner Wajid Shamsul Hassan gave his initial statement regarding Pakistan's investigation, which gives some indication as to what could be in the investigation report.	High Commissioner Wajid Shamsul Hasan has given the first statement about the Pakistani investigation from which it can be made in the report of the investigations that consent is identical.	High Wajid Shamsul Hasan Pakistani investigation related to the first statement is that this was an indication that the investigation is in a report. 	High Wajid Shamsul Hasan first statement about the Pakistani investigation. this is an indication that the report of the investigation in May.
Wajid Shamsul Hassan said, "So far the investigators have concluded that nothing took place on Pakistani soil.	Wajid Shamsul Hasan said: &quot;as far as investigations have reached on his car as a result, the soil of Pakistan was not used.	Wajid Shamsul Hasan said: "as far as investigations have reached on his car, has not been used soil of Pakistan. 	Wajid Shamsul Hasan said: as far as the investigation on their result has not been reached, the use of the land of Pakistan.
It could be any other place, with the exception of Britain.	It is also a place is possible, Britain.	No place and this can not, Britain. 	This place, and Britain.
These two places (Pakistan and Britain) were the ones that I was worried about."	I was worried about were the two places (Britain and Pakistan).	These two places were (Britain) and Pakistan which I was concerned about. 	These two places in Pakistan and Britain were about who I was.
India and the international community have put a lot of pressure on Pakistan to take action against those responsible for the Mumbai attacks. Pakistan says it has taken dozens of people into custody in its actions against groups allegedly involved in the Mumbai attacks.	India and the international community has made enough pressure on Pakistan to take action against the officials of the Mumbai attacks. Pakistan says it has arrested dozens of people in action against groups allegedly involved in the Mumbai attacks.	Mumbai, India and the international community for action against the responsible of the attacks has made enough pressure on Pakistan. Pakistan has said that the alleged groups involved in the Mumbai attacks in action against dozens of people taken into custody. 	India and the international community has made enough pressure on Pakistan to take action against the trustees of the Mumbai attacks. Pakistan said that it has arrested dozens of people in action against the group allegedly involved in the Mumbai attacks.
Wajid Shamsul Hassan said, "We are not trying to cover it up.	Wajid Shamsul Hasan said: &quot;We are not try to cast the scene.	Wajid Shamsul Hasan said: "we are not trying to disguise it. 	Wajid Shamsul Hasan said: we are not try to disguise it.
We believe in taking action based on facts.	We believe in action on the facts.	We believe in action on facts. 	We believe in action on the facts.
Our investigation should meet with the world's approval.	Our investigation, the world passed.	Our investigation approved the world. 	accepted our investigation of the world.
We will try to satisfy India with the results (of the investigation)."	We will try to satisfy the results (Investigation) and India.	We (to) results of the investigation will try to satisfy India. 	We will try to satisfy India with the results of the investigation.
Defending the delay in Pakistan's investigation, he said that collecting, examining, and understanding this kind of material takes time.	He said while defending the delay in Pakistani investigation, that such material to collect, understand and it takes time to check the testing.	He made in the investigation of delay while defending said that this type of explosives to collect and check the understanding, It takes time to experiment. 	The Pakistani investigation in the defense of the delay, said that such material to collect, understand and it takes time to check the.
High Commissioner Wajid Shamsul Hassan said that India took 45 days to present its dossier.	High Commissioner Wajid Shamsul Hasan said that India to present their days were organized.	High Wajid Shamsul Hasan said that India to submit their in 45 day started. 	High Wajid Shamsul Hasan said that India to present in 45 days.
Black Man Also Elected as Republican Leader	Leader Elected Black	Also leader of the black elected 	Leader of the black elected
Michael Steele gained victory in the Republican Party's sixth cycle of elections, winning 91 of 168 votes.	In the sixth round of elections in the Republican Party, Michael steal the victory obtained by a votes were votes.	Sixth away of the Republican Party in elections in which Michael steal has won the victory with a votes, 1991 votes. 	In the sixth round of elections in the Republican Party, Michael steal has won one of the votes in 491 votes.
In the election for the role as party chairman, competing candidate Katon Dawson received 77 votes, while ex-chairman Duncan withdrew from the competition during the second cycle.	In the elections for the post of Party Chairman steal candidate, former chairman Duncan while votes were in the second stage of the competition.	In the party chairman steal opponent candidate in the elections for the post of the Dawson received 77 votes while former chairman Duncan were competition in the second stage. 	To steal the rival candidate in the elections for the post of party chairman in Catania Dawson 77 votes, while former chairman Duncan In the second stage.
Correspondents say that Michael Steele is considered the most moderate leader among the five candidates who stood for the chairmanship of the Republican Party.	The reporters said that the chairman of the Republican Party as standing for the five candidates were in them, Michael steal the most moderate leader have been recognized.	Is said to reporters that the Chairman of the Republican Party for the championship, which remained five candidate Michael steal them. Most are made to moderate leader. 	Reporters said that the Chairman of the Republican Party in the five candidates for Michael steal the most moderate leader accepted.
After the victory, Michael Steele said in his speech, "We are going to tell our friends and opponents together to join us, but those who want to get in the way should get ready to back off." Michael Steele is from Maryland, where he has also served as lieutenant governor.	After winning in his address, Michael steal said &quot;We say with one of his friends and opponents are that you come with us, but the people who will want the gap project, he would be ready to be removed from us. Michael steal from my land is where they have left the deputy governor.	Michael steal said in his address after the win it with his friends and one of the opponents' we are saying that you come with us, but this gap in people who want launch for the away from it we will be ready. Michael steal is my land from where they had been deputy governor. 	Won In his address after Michael steal said 'we are going to say that you come with us with one of his friends and opponents, but the people who want to break in will be ready to be away from us. Michael steal from my land, where he has also served as deputy governor.
He became famous in 2006 when he ran for a Senatorial seat in the election.	Two thousand six at this time, they got fame when they were standing in the election for a seat in the Senate.	Two thousand in six he got fame when he was standing in the election for a Senate seat. 	Two thousand in six got fame when he was standing in the elections for a seat in the Senate.
However, after losing in the Senate elections, he was made chairman of the party's political Conservative Committee.	But the Senate defeated in the elections after they were given as a political Committee Chairman of the party.	But in the Senate elections after losing the party a intervene were given Chairman of the Committee. 	But after losing in the Senate elections of the party a intervene, The Chairman of the Committee.
Now that he has been elected as party chairman, the Republican Party's national campaign efforts will be under his guidance.	Now, after being elected Chairman of the party, the efforts of a country-wide campaign of Republican party will be in his head.	Now after being elected party chairman of the party country wide campaign of Sir fundamentalism will be in these efforts. 	Now elected chairman of the party provided of after the party will be in the efforts of the country wide campaign.
He has run in the election promising to give new direction to the party and to use new techniques to align conservative supporters with the party.	He will use new technical to involve the election on the promise that he will give a new cause to the party and conservative party supporters from the party.	He choose on promises that the party will give a new agenda and lobbying for arose from the party supporters will use the new technical. 	He promised on the election that the party will give a new agenda and lobbying supporters arose from the party for the use of new technical.
India Claims that Lashkar-e-Tayaba and Jaish-e-Mohammed Are Present in Jammu	Indian Claim of Presence of Jaish-E-Mohammad and Lashkar-E-in Jammu	In and the presence of Indian claim 	In human and the presence of the Indian claim
There are reports of militants being present in the Poonch district of Jammu.	Militants in Jammu district, are reported to be present.	The play from the militants in the Present Information. 	Punch state of the present of the militants.
According to official sources, upon receiving secret information, the police and army surrounded the area and began conducting searches.	According to official picture on receiving a secret information, Army and police have surrounded the area and did started.	Government network according to Intelligence Information on the army AND Police have surrounded the area and Started Searches. 	Government According to the network, SECRET Information on the army AND Police have surrounded the area and Started Searches.
At this time fighting began during which four militants, two soldiers, and one policeman were killed.	It started during the clash, in which four militants, two soldiers and one policeman died.	During the clash, was started in which four militants, two soldiers and a police officer was killed. 	During the clash, in which four militants, two soldiers and a police officer was killed.
According to sources, the most recent reports indicate that fighting is still underway and militants with ties to Lashkar-e-Tayaba and Jaish-e-Mohammed are present in the area, with whom further army reinforcements have been sent to fight.	According to the picture, clashes were issued to meet the last report, and in the area, the Jaish-e-Mohammad and Lashkar-e-linked militants have to face further reinforcement of the army has been sent there.	According to the clashes were ongoing until it received LAST Information network in The area and AND associated with Militants who are Present for The army TO fight MORE MARINE Has been sent there. 	network according to the last clashes continue For The Information AND WERE In the Area and Associated With the militants ARE TO compete For The Reinforcement of The army Has been sent there.
Meanwhile, Omar Abdullah, the Chief Minister appointed by the coalition government, met with the Governor and gave him official notification of his selection as the leader of the Assembly by his party, the National Conference.	In the meantime, on behalf of the coalition government nominated met Chief Minister Abdullah and his own party, by the national conference, the leader of the assembly informed about intentions to us.	During this coalition government nominated by the chief minister Omar Abdullah and his meeting with the governor of the National Party conference by the leader of the assembly Formally Informed ABOUT THE Grams. 	During this time, the coalition government nominated by the chief minister Omar Abdullah met with the governor and his Formally Informed about the visit By The leader of THE assembly of The national Conference party.
National Conference's supportive party Congress also informed the Governor of its support for Omar Abdullah.	A national conference of the allied party Congress has also support the governor Abdullah.	ally of National Conference party congress has ALSO Informed OMAR Abdullah WITH The support of the governor. 	ally of the National Conference party congress has ALSO Informed the Governor From the Support Of OMAR Abdullah.
Omar Abdullah will be given the oath as Chief Minister of State tomorrow.	Omar Abdullah tomorrow will be affirmed oath as the Chief Minister of the state.	Omar Abdullah oath as chief minister of the state tomorrow will be given. 	Omar Abdullah the oath as the chief minister of the state will be given.
It should be noted that in the recent state elections, National Conference, after winning 28 seats in the 87-member House, has emerged as the largest party. Separatist parties had boycotted the elections.	It may be recalled that in the recent municipal elections in the house of a national conference members twenty eight get seats and become the biggest party emerged. It should be noted that states parties was the elections.	Remember that recent national conference in state elections 387 members and 28 seats in the House of the biggest party emerged. it should be noted that separation parties had elections. 	Remember that recent national conference in state elections 87 members won 28 seats and become the biggest party in the parliament. it should be noted that the separation parties of the elections.
Congress, which obtained 17 seats, has agreed to form a coalition government with National Conference.	Congress, which was obtained 17 seats, the coalition government with a national conference to agree.	Congress, which was to get 17 seats, national conference with the coalition government is ready to make. 	Congress, which won 17 seats, making a coalition government with the National Conference is ready.
Upon his arrival in Srinagar today, party workers gave Omar Abdullah a warm welcome.	Today, on a visit to Srinagar, the party welcomed the Omar Abdullah with a warm astrologer.	Today in Srinagar on arrival of the party Omar Abdullah's warm welcome with Joshi. 	Srinagar today on the arrival of the party Omar Abdullah of the warm welcome with astrologer.
At this point Omar Abdullah says that he will play his role in making negotiations possible between the Indian government and the separatists, but that this will not be possible until elections take place and the new government comes into power.	On this occasion, Omar Abdullah has said that they will play their role to make the talks between the Indian government and the separatists&apos; elements possible but by coming to power of the new government and the holding of elections in India, it will not be possible.	On this occasion, Omar Abdullah said that talks between the government and the separatists India will play a role to make the possible holding of elections and the new government in India but it will not be possible to coming to power. 	On this occasion, Omar Abdullah said that he will play their role for the talks between the government and the separatists in India, However, the holding of the elections and the new government in power, it will not be possible.
Role of European Union for Peace in Middle East	The Role of European Union for Peace in Middle East	The role of the European Union for peace in the Middle East 	The role of the European Union for peace in the Middle East
When viewed from an official standpoint, the role of the European Union in the conciliatory efforts to stop the war in the Middle East is decisive.	Government should be viewed with respect, reconcile efforts to stop the war in the Middle East is decisive in the role of the European Union.	Government with regard to the Middle East would be viewed the reconciliation efforts to stop the war role of the European Union in decisive. 	Government If the Middle East to stop the war in the reconciliation efforts in the decisive role of the European Union.
According to the official stand of Brussels, Schwarzenberg's delegation or Sarkozy's efforts are the equivalent to lending a helping hand.	According to the position of the delegation leaves or attempts are equivalent to hand in this work.	According to the official position, Berg delegation or 's efforts in this work are the hands. 	According to the official position spartan delegation leaves or efforts are hand in this work.
Amadeu Altafaj, spokesperson for the European Commission, said that every effort by which the European Commission's concerted message can be sent to warring parties is praiseworthy.	European Commission spokesman amadeu altafaj said that all the effort is highly commendable, through which a joint message of the European Union to help the war parties.	The European Commission spokesman Amadeu Altafaj said that every effort is commendable joint message of war through which the European Union can help in getting to the parties. 	, spokesman of the European Commission, Amadeu Altafaj has said that he is commendable, through which a joint message of the European Union can help in war parties.
As far as its official statement is concerned, everything looks fine.	The extent of the official statement, all right comes into view.	Government statement, to the extent there is all right. 	The extent of government statement, It is all right.
But in reality the European Union is presenting a sad picture of its own internal tug-of-war.	But in reality, the European Union is presented in an unfortunate picture of civil warp.	But in European Union interior Khana slowly struggle is a regrettable the picture. 	But in reality is a regrettable picture of the struggle inside the European Union.
As Union President, the role of the Czech Republic has already been weak.	The role of the Republic check on the President of the Union is already weak.	As president of the union has already weak role of the Czech Republic. 	As the president of the Union of the role of the Czech Republic already weak.
On top of that, internal disputes have rendered it helpless.	Over the internal dispute, it is kept by a bus.	To the internal fight over it is helpless. 	Over internal fight the helpless.
On the other hand, French President Sarkozy is acting as though he is still performing the presidential duties of the European Union.	On the other hand, the attitude of the French President, it is like they are still serving the responsibility of the presidency of the European Union.	Other hand, The French president practice it as he is still responsibility to the presidency of the European Union are performing. 	On the other hand, The French president is the practice of Sarkozy, as he is still performing duty of the chairmanship of the European Union.
Even though France has completed its six-month presidential term.	Although France has complete their term of six months.	Though France has been doing his presidential term of six months. 	Though France has his presidential term of six months.
Sarkozy wants to play a leadership role, and he is certainly capable, but he does not have the permission to do so.	Want to play a role, and they can be, but he is not allowed.	want to play a role and he is also can, but he is not allowed to this. 	want to play a role and he can, but this is not allowed.
French Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner is faced with the most ludicrous situation.	The most ridiculous situation facing French foreign minister Bernard kouchner.	The most ridiculous situation facing French Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner. 	The ridiculous situation facing the French foreign minister Bernard Kouchner.
He is included in the delegation led by Czech Republic's Foreign Minister Schwarzenberg.	They are included in the delegation, led by Foreign Minister of the Republic check schwarzenberg.	It is included in the delegation led by the foreign minister of Czech Republic are Schwarzenberg. 	They are included in the delegation led by the foreign minister of the Czech Republic Schwarzenberg.
However, both Foreign Ministers are making different statements about the war in the Middle East.	There are giving various statements that both foreign ministers about the Middle East war on him.	About the victimized on the Middle East war in both foreign ministers are different statements. 	On the various statements that the two foreign ministers about the war in the Middle East.
Schwarzenberg says that Israel has the right to defend itself, while Kouchner thinks that this war cannot be called one of self-defense. Meanwhile Germany has also sent its own special envoy to the Middle East. Until the European Union demonstrates harmony by taking a united stand, it cannot achieve success on the diplomatic front.	Schwarzenberg says that Israel has a right to defend yourself when that near this war does not in the category of defense. On the other hand, Germany has also dispatched his Special Ambassador Middle East. As long as the European Union did not show harmony, based on the same position on the diplomatic front, it could not be won.	Schwarzenberg say that Israel has right to defend themselves when Kouchner near in the category of defense not seen this war. On the other hand, Germany has also kept their A special envoy sent to the Middle East. until we based on equal position, expressed The European Union does not, this can not be won on the diplomatic front 	Schwarzenberg says that Israel has the right to defend themselves when Kouchner near not in defense of the war. On the other hand, Germany has also sent a special envoy in the Middle East. as long as the European Union based on the same position, we will not, On the diplomatic front, it can not be won
Evidence of this is Israel's conduct, which does not show any respect for Europe's conciliatory efforts.	. The proof is the attitude of Israel, which gives no importance to the reconciliation efforts of Europe.	proof of this is the practice of Israel makes no importance to Europe's reconciliation efforts. 	. the proof of this is the attitude of Israel, no importance to Europe's reconciliation efforts.
This is a golden opportunity for the European Union to do something because America has failed in the Middle East due to the policies of George W. Bush.	For the European Union, because this is a golden opportunity to show some time, due to the policies of President George W. Bush has failed in the Middle East.	This time for the European Union is golden opportunity to do something because due to the policies of the United States George W. Bush has failed in the Middle East. 	The opportunity to do something at this time for the European Union because the United States has failed in the Middle East due to the policies of the US President George Bush.
Financial Crisis: Billionaire German Industrialist's Suicide	Financial Crisis: Billion Leaves German Industrialist Suicides.	Billionaires financial crisis: German industrialist conducted himself. 	Financial crisis: billionaires German industrialist of genocide
Adolf Merckle of Southern Germany's Swabia area has left a large business group behind,	Living area in Southern Germany, has left a very big business group, his back.	In southern Germany resident of the area of the has left behind a big business group,. 	In southern Germany a resident of the area of Adolf Merkel has left behind a big business group,.
but until some time ago the average German citizen did not know much about him.	But until a few years ago, a common citizen did not know more about them.	But for some time ago General German citizens were not know more about them. 	But for some time before the German citizens were not know more about them.
When he had to carry on negotiations for several weeks with the nearly thirty banks who lend money to his industrial group, he became the topic of headlines and began to see the future of the Merckle group as bleak.	Then, when they give loans to their industrial group, the talks for several weeks with about 30 banks have become the topic of the future of the group is also dark visible.	Again when they industrial group of 30 near the banks of the loans to have talks silent for several weeks with the subject of the headlines also became a group and was also looks dark future. 	When his industrial group to provide loans to 30 near the banks of the talks with several weeks to Silent became the subject of the headlines and Merkel also The future of the group in the dark.
The Merckle group was forced to suffer millions of euros in losses due to the financial crisis, after purchasing shares of the German Volkswagen manufacturer.	The group had to bear the loss of several hundred million euros due to the financial crisis after the purchase of the shares of the German maker organization.	group to German maker institutions the purchase of shares after the financial crisis due to the loss of several hundred million euros also had to bear. 	Merkel group German maker of police again after the purchase of shares of the financial crisis due to the many had to bear a loss of 100 million euros.
So when financial institutions refused to make new loans of between 700 million and one billion euros to this group, which they desperately needed, Merckle came under intense pressure.	Then, the financial institutions to this group, essentially require refused to give new loans worth between 700 million and one billion euros, came under severe pressure.	And financial institutions must this group needed, worth between 700 million and one billion euro, has refused to give new loans came under pressure. 	Financial institutions, this group must needed declined to give new loans worth between 700 million and one billion euros, under pressure.
Just recently the same banks had agreed to provide loans to the Merckle group on an emergency basis, but Adolf Merckle, who had moved from being a small industrialist to the position that his industrial group's annual income was approximately 30 billion euros, could not withstand the deprivation of his strength as a capitalist.	Some time ago, the bank group were then ready to provide loans on an emergency basis, but that a small industrialist who arrived at the place, the annual income of their industrial group had become about 30 billion euros, their capitalism power could not bear the deprivation.	Some time ago that bank loans on emergency basis group were ready to provide, but from a small industrialist who had reached the point that their annual income of industrial group had become nearly 30 billion euros, their exclusion from power irresponsible investment could not tolerate. 	Some time ago, the same bank Merkel group were ready to provide loans on an emergency basis, but who arrived at the place for a small industrialist that his annual income of industrial group about 30 billion euros. its investors, irresponsible could not bear the exclusion from power.
When Adolf Merckle took charge of his family's business after the death of his father, he greatly improved the business very quickly through a process of modernization.	The death of his father when his family business kept raised on 33, while it has also developed very soon.	when after the death of his father took his family business while on the lines this development of very soon. 	Adolf Merkel after the death of his father when he came into the family business on the lines, while the progress very soon.
He named his company "Ratiopharm," now the biggest and most successful pharmaceutical company in Germany.	He has kept the name of his company ratiopharm that today is very successful and very large drug manufacturing company of Germany.	He named Ratiopharm his company of which Germany today is very successful and very important drug manufacturing company. 	He has the name of the company Ratiopharm kept the Germany very successful and very large drug manufacturing company.
Until recently the company was worth between 5 and 6 billion euros, and it still generates an annual income of 8.1 billion euros. After the tremendous success of Ratiopharm, the Merckle group purchased several large institutions, including HeidelbergCement, a manufacturer of construction materials, and Kaessbohrer, a manufacturer of special vehicles.	Until a few years ago, the drug Agency&apos;s business was worth between 5 and 6 billion euros, and it still is the income of 1. 8 billion euros annually. The tremendous success of the form to buy several large institutions after the group, which also includes the Royal company to prepare the vehicle from the cement for construction equipment like.	For some time before the drug business of the organization was worth between five and six billion euros, and it still is annual income of 1.8 billion euro. form after the great success of the group has many big organizations including construction equipment to prepare for purchasing the hydel cement to the types of vehicles to prepare the company is also named Kassbohrer. 	For some time before the drug business worth between five and six billion euro, and it still annually. the income of 8 billion euros. form after the great success of Merkel group to buy several major institutions in which construction equipment to prepare the hydel Borg cement from types of vehicles to prepare the Ka ssbohrer named company.
The number of Merckle Group employees worldwide is nearly 100,000, and the Ratiopharm pharmaceutical company has always held a special place amongst its assets.	Group all over the world, the number of employees is about 100,000, and medicine manufacturing company named in the assets of this form is always obtained special importance.	A number of employees in the whole world group million in assets and is near the named form drug manufacturers is always get the special importance to the company. 	Merkel group near a number of employees in all over the world, and its assets in the form special importance to the pharmaceutical company.
In his life Adolf Merckle had said on several occasions, "This is our fourth generation of drug manufacturers.	In his life, it was said many times: &quot;We have four generations while pharmacy.	had stated many times in his life: "we pharmacy, There have been four generations. 	Adolf Merkel had stated many times in his life: we pharmacy while four generations.
Now this company's administration is with my children and I am hopeful that in the coming few hundred years it will remain under my family's administration."	Now, the department has arranged with my children, and I hope that this organization for just a few hundred years, I will be in the same family.	Now have this organization of my children and I hope that this organization until a few hundred years of my family will remain in 	Now my children of this organization, and I hope that this organization is still a few hundred years of my family will continue.
After the suicide of Adolf Merckle, banks approved a temporary loan of 400 million euros to his VEM group, but on the condition that VEM will have to sell Ratiopharm so that the group's financial situation can be improved over the long term.	After the suicide of banks has given approval of interim loans worth 400 million euros for his group vem, but the condition is that vem will pass on the form, so that the financial condition of the group can be improved on a long term basis.	banks after the suicide of his group. VEM interim loans worth 400 million euros for the approval is given, But the condition is that VEM form to sell so the group's financial condition will be better be constructed on long term basis. 	After the suicide of banks, The group VEM for the approval of the interim loans worth 400 million euros, But the condition is that VEM form will have to negotiate in order to improve the financial position of the group on the basis of long term.
Thus after the death of Adolf Merckle, the Merckle group will not be the same as it used to be.	Thus, after the death of the group, he will not that he was ever.	It group after the death of also will not be who they never. 	It after the death of group, they will not be never.
Crime Rate of Foreigners in Germany	Rate of Crime in Foreign People in Germany	The ratio of foreign people in crimes in Germany 	Crime rate in foreign people in Germany
According to recent statistics, between 2004 and 2007 the crime rate of foreigners	The crime rate of foreigners between 2004 to 2007, according to a recent statistic, 22.	Under the latest statistics 2004 so the foreigners between 2007 22. the crime rate 	Latest statistics from the 2004 between 2007 to foreigners, the ratio of the crimes.
decreased from 22.9 percent	21 by less than 9 percent.	9 percent less to 21. 	9 percent to 21.
to 21.4 percent.	Has been raised to 4 percent.	She came to 4 percent. 	Up to 4 percent.
According to Joachim Herrmann, Interior Minister of the Bavarian Province, this only appears to be a positive change.	According to the State Minister herrmann, it is only a formal positive change.	Minister province Joachim Herrmann According to this is only a formal positive change. 	province before Interior Minister Joachim Herrmann According to this is only a formal change.
He said, "It is necessary to keep in mind that the number of foreigners obtaining German citizenship is increasing.	He said: &quot;It is essential to be kept mind that the number of foreigners who obtained German citizenship is increasing.	He said: it must be kept in mind that German citizenship to get the number of foreigners who is increasing. 	He said: it is necessary to be kept in mind that the German citizenship is increasing the number of foreigners.
Therefore, when presenting the statistics, this fact should also be made clear that even when the criminal is a German citizen, his background may be foreign.	Therefore, it should be explained in statistics to commit that crime, although the German citizens, but it is a foreign background.	So it should also be disclosed in a statistic is that although German citizen to committing the crime But the background of foreign. 	So it should be reported that although the perpetration of the crime in statistics German citizen, but this is the background of foreign.
Herrmann said that in 2010 his province will take this into account when collecting data about criminals.	Herrmann said that his province to collect data about the criminals from now, it will be a factor.	Herrmann has said that his province and figures about the criminals from 2010 collected while It will also keep in mind. 	Herrmann said that his province 2010 Facts and figures about the culprits, while It will also keep in mind.
In addition to Bavaria, thinking is being done along the same lines in the province of Hamburg.	Besides, the province is also thought on these lines.	Besides the province in is also being thought on the same lines. 	The province is also being thought on the same lines in Hamburg.
CDU's Senator of Internal Affairs Christoph Ahlhaus said, "When research is conducted in a scientific manner, one cannot draw up the results he would like to see ahead of time; they must depend on the data that emerges from the research.	Cdu belonging of home affairs Senator christoph ahlhaus said: &quot;in a scientific way, when research is human beings cannot already prepared their own results, but it depends on these figures is come after the research.	CDU belonging to the affairs of the interior senator Christoph Ahlhaus said: scientific way when one is of research in the results can not prepared their own but it depends on these statistics, The research has come after. 	CDU belonging to the internal affairs of the Senator Christoph Ahlhaus said: in a scientific way when the research is already in its own results can not but it depends on these statistics, which come after the research.
Ahlhaus directed attention towards an analytical report from the provincial office of crime prevention prepared in 2006 in which the percentage of foreigners' involvement in crime was studied in the Bergedorf borough of the city of Hamburg.	Ahlhaus in bergdorf part of the city, according to a report by the fact that attention was prepared in 2006 and that of the Provincial Anti-crime office discovered it was anticipated that the participation of foreigners in the crime here how many percent.	Ahlhaus a provincial office of the narcotics crimes sampled drew attention towards the report which was prepared in 2006 and under the discovered in Bergdorf was part of the city was set up here that many attended percent of the foreigners in the crimes. 	Ahlhaus Crime Prevention, a provincial office of sampled drew attention to the report, which was prepared in 2006 and the Hamburg part of the city Bergdorf had been discovered in the crimes that foreigners in the participation of many percent.
Results showed that here	The results found that foreigners here	Results from here I realized that the foreigners 	Results found that foreigners here
the rate of crimes committed by foreigners is less than the crime rate for the entire province.	The crime rate is low in comparison with the crime in all provinces.	All the crime rate in the face of the crimes in the province. less 	Crime rate than in all of the crimes in the province.
In contrast, when the crime rate amongst adolescents was studied in 2006 in Berlin, it was seen that the rate of adolescents with foreign background was	In contrast, when the rate of crime in youth during 2006 in Berlin were reviewed, it emerged that the ratio of the youth to foreign background 44.	This in Berlin during the 2006 in the contrary, when youths of crime rate was reviewed, it was revealed that the ratio of foreign youths to background 44. 	On the contrary, when it was reviewed the rate of crime in youth during the 2006 in Berlin revealed that foreign background, the ratio of young 44.
44.7 percent.	7 percent.	7 percent. 	7 percent.
However, other German political parties, such as SPD, the environmentalist party Garbanz, and the left-wing party Linkspartei, are opposed to the idea of determining which German citizens have foreign background when gathering crime data.	However, other political parties of Germany, for example, spd, Environment worshipers left the party-linkspartei crime that is against this proposal, together with the relevant statistics, that time should be collected this information, what is foreign background of German citizens.	However, Germany's other political parties as SPD nationalists party Greenberg, environment arm party of this proposal Linkspartei together and figures that concerned with crimes against this Information While ALSO Collected THE Background Of WHAT GERMAN Citizen, THAT Is Foreign. 	, However, other political parties of Germany, for example, SPD, environment, The party of Greenberg arm of the party Linkspartei that crimes against the proposal, and figures together, while also collected THE Information THAT The German Is the background Of Foreign Citizens.
Want Quick Evacuation of Troops From Gaza: Olmert	Want a Quick Withdrawal of Forces from Gaza:	want early withdrawal of forces from Gaza: 	quick withdrawal of forces from Gaza:
Ehud Olmert urged that for a complete evacuation of troops, an agreement for a permanent and durable cease-fire is essential.	The importance of the agreement for a permanent and lasting ceasefire for the complete withdrawal of forces is unavoidable.	stressed the masses for complete withdrawal of forces of ceasefire permanent and lasting agreement is essential. 	stressed the masses, permanent and lasting ceasefire agreement is essential for the complete withdrawal of the army.
Hamas and Israel announced a cease-fire on Sunday.	Hamas and Israel has announced a ceasefire on Sunday.	Hamas and Israel announced a ceasefire The day Sunday. 	Hamas and Israel announced a ceasefire on Sunday.
Islamic militant organization Hamas said, while announcing a week-long cease-fire, that within one week Israeli forces should leave the Gaza Strip completely, and call off the blockade of the Gaza Strip.	Announcing the ceasefire of one week, the Islamic militant group Hamas said that detention should be left completely within the Israeli forces from the Gaza Strip within a week and sealing off the Gaza Strip should be abolished.	Islamic militant group Hamas, announced a ceasefire of Saturday said that within a week, The Israeli forces from Gaza Strip completely and cordoned the Gaza Strip should be out of place. 	The Islamic militant group Hamas has announced a ceasefire on Saturday said that within a week, The Israeli forces completely out of the Gaza Strip and the Gaza Strip should be ended.
On the other hand, Hamas leader Ismail Haniyeh said that in the Gaza War, God has granted victory to Israel.	On the other hand, Hamas leader Ismail has said that the war in Gaza, Israel has been possessed by the God.	leader of the other side has said that from Israel in the war on behalf of God is achieved a victory. 	On the other hand, leader Ismail Hannah said that Israel in the war to win by God's destiny.
He said that in the Gaza War, Israel has failed to achieve its objectives.	He said that the war in Gaza, Israel has failed to achieve their goals.	He says that the war in Israel has been unable to achieve our goals. 	He said that Israel failed to achieve their goals in the war.
Prior to this, on Sunday in the Egyptian city Sharm El Sheikh, a meeting of leaders of European and Arab countries was held in which the immediate evacuation of troops from Gaza was demanded of Israel.	Earlier, the Egyptian city of shame in Al-Shaikh, on Sunday, a meeting of the leaders of the European and Arab countries was held, which was demanding immediate withdrawal of Israeli forces from Gaza.	Prior to this, The Egyptian city of Sharm el-Sheikh on Sunday, A meeting of the leaders of the European and Arab countries which was held in from Israel was demanding an immediate withdrawal of forces. 	Earlier on Sunday in the Egyptian city of Sharm el-Sheikh held a meeting of the leaders of European and Arab countries with Israel in which demanded immediate withdrawal of the troops.
In the meeting it was decided that an international aid conference will be held for Gaza very soon.	It was agreed in the meeting that soon will be held an international donor conference for Gaza.	It was decided in the meeting that soon for the international aid conference will be held. 	In the meeting, it was decided that as soon as for an international conference will be held.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel also attended the aforementioned meeting.	The German Chancellor also participated in the meeting.	After meeting German Chancellor in also participated. 	German Chancellor Angela Merkel also participated in the meeting.
In the three-week war between Israel and Hamas militants, at least 1,300 Palestinians and a total of 13 Israelis including 10 soldiers were killed.	Israel and Hamas continued for three weeks tomorrow, 13 Israeli, including at least 13 100 Palestinians and 10 soldiers were killed in the war.	between Israel and Hamas The war continuing for three weeks at least 13 Palestinians and 13 Israeli tomorrow, including Ten soldiers, were killed. 	The war that continued for three weeks between Israel and Hamas of Yangon, At least 13 Palestinians and 13 Israeli, including Ten soldiers, were killed.
Meanwhile, Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas has stressed the need to form a united national government in the Palestinian areas.	On the other hand, Palestinian President Abbas stressed the United National government building in Palestinian areas.	Other hand Palestinian president Abbas in the Palestinian areas, the United National Government has stressed on the importance of making. 	On the other hand, The Palestinian President Abbas stressed on the importance of making United national government in the Palestinian areas.
Al Qaeda's Video Message for Germany	Name of Germany Video Message of Al-Qaeda	The name of Germany video message of al-Qaeda 	Germany in the name of Al Qaeda's video message
In this thirty-minute video a person wearing a black turban, covering his face and carrying a gun in his hand, is sending a message to the German government.	A person in the video of 30 minutes, wearing black color palm, mouth, holding a gun in his hand and is giving a message to the German government.	30 minutes in the video for the duration of one person, wearing black turban of color, mouth onto gun in German hands and is a message to the government. 	Thirty minutes duration of one person in the video, a black turban, wearing, and onto the gun in the hand is a message to the German Government.
The man introduces himself with the name Abu Talha and speaks in German.	The person himself has introduced by the name of Abu Talha and is talking in the German language.	This man is introduced by the name of Abu Talha himself and is talking in German language. 	This man by the name of Abu Talha, introduced and is in the German language.
The video message also has Arabic subtitles.	Arabic, all of this video message are also present.	The Arabic all the video message are also present. 	The video message in Arabic are also present.
The Al Qaeda logo appears on the side of the screen, and the video is dated October 2008.	The screen has been attached to see, and video is registered in the history of October 2008.	screens on the of has started, and is the history of video in October 2008. 	screens of The on Ansar al-Islam of There, and video is registered in the history of October 2008.
In the message it is stated to the German government that if, by stationing military in such large numbers in Afghanistan, their country means to express its belief that it will not be attacked, what could be more nave?	In this message, the German government has said that such a large number troops in Afghanistan has been appointed by the country expressed the belief that it will not attack, it is not easy charity, and what?	In this message from the German Government said that such a large number of troops in Afghanistan has been appointed and the country is expressed his belief that this would not attack on it, and it is not ripe, it lost? 	In this message, The German Government said that a large number of troops in Afghanistan and the country has expressed his belief that the attack will not be, this easy, and what is it?
The person calling himself Abu Talha did not threaten to attack Germany directly, however.	Although the man who tell themselves independently on Germany has not threatened the attacks.	The person has to tell the himself although not indirect threat of attacks on Germany. 	To telling the person who though no threat of indirect attacks on Germany.
Currently the number of German troops included in the united NATO army in Afghanistan is approximately 3,500.	In Afghanistan, the number of German soldiers involved in the NATO allied forces is approximately 3,500.	Nato allied forces in Afghanistan at this time the number of German soldiers in around three thousand. 	Coalition forces in Afghanistan, The number of German soldiers in Nato are around three thousand.
Last year, in October, the German Parliament approved a decision to send 1,000 more troops to Afghanistan.	In October last year, the German parliament has also approved the law of 1000 more troops to Afghanistan.	German parliament in October last year further send a thousand soldiers, Afghanistan has also passed the law. 	German parliament in October last year to send a thousand troops to Afghanistan has also approved the law.
This is the first message received by Germany from Al Qaeda.	The accord is the first message from Germany.	Germany to meet the THE is the first message. 	Germany to meet Ansar al-Islam is the first message.
Regarding the message, Mikhail Lders, a distinguished expert on matters of terrorism, says, "The recent suicide attack outside the German Embassy in Kabul is evidence that we should take this very seriously."	Scare on terrorism related issues in connection with this message to the renowned expert, says: &quot;The suicide attack outside the German embassy in Kabul recently, it is proof that we take it seriously in every condition.	Scare The noted to keep an eye on relevant issues of terrorism Mikhail LUDERS, with reference to this message says: recently in the German embassy in Kabul suicide attack outside the proof of this is that we take it seriously in any circumstances. 	scare to keep an eye on issues related to terrorism, a noted Mikhail LU DERS, with regard to this message: the suicide attack outside the German embassy in Kabul is a proof that we take it seriously.
For the past few years Al Qaeda has been sending video messages on the internet, and these kinds of messages have been followed by attacks.	Over the last few years is continuing the video messages on the Internet and such messages were also after the attack.	Over the past few years video messages on internet is issued and there were messages after the attack. 	In the last few years to Ansar al-Islam is released video messages on the internet and such messages after the attack.
On Saturday, the militant Taliban organization claimed responsibility for the suicide attack outside the German Embassy in Kabul.	On Saturday, the responsibility of the suicide attack outside the German embassy in Kabul has taken the Taliban Military organization.	The German embassy in Kabul on Saturday, the responsibility of the suicide attack outside the Taliban military organization. 	On Saturday, The military organization of the responsibility of the suicide attack outside the German embassy in Kabul by the Taliban.
Most German newspapers and advisors consider this attack to be related to the Al Qaeda message.	Most German newspapers and observers are watching a transition to a message to the attack.	Most German newspapers and observers to this attack are looking maneuvering to message. 	Most German newspapers and observers from the Ansar al-Islam message by this attack.
"They are making Germany a target."	&quot;They are targeting Germany.	they are making Germany target. 	They are making a target of Germany.
Fundamentalist Muslims have a negative and critical view of Germany's Afghan policy.	Fundamentalist Muslims, Germany are looking to be negative to the Afghan policy.	basis pious Muslims, Germany's Afghan policy on negative watch to see 	fundamentalist Muslims, Germany's Afghan policy The negative to.
They accuse the German government of adopting biased policies, not only in Afghanistan, but in the Middle East as well.	The German government accuses of adopt policy not only in Afghanistan but the Middle East.	He not only on the German government to adopt a biased policy but also in Middle East Afghanistan accused their names. 	Not only in Afghanistan but also in the Middle East on the German Government biased to adopt a policy accusing.
And for this reason they very much consider Germany to be their target.	And this reason, they are more, Germany as its target.	And it due to Germany to understand more than its target. 	And because they are considering its target for Germany.
In the meantime, the German government says that, even before this video surfaced, German intelligence was already aware of it.	Meanwhile, the German government has said that the German intelligence agencies before coming to publicize the video was aware about it.	Meanwhile, The German Government has said that the video could before coming to the German secret agencies to know about this. 	Meanwhile, The German Government has said that the video of the Before coming to the German intelligence knew about it.
The German Federal Crime Prevention Organization is busy examining this video message.	The German Federal Anti-crime organization is engaged in investigating the video message.	German Federal Crime Prevention organization is busy in check the video message. 	German Federal prevention of this video is busy in the message.
Obama Takes Office As American President	American Taken Post of President.	takes the post of US Presidency. 	assumed the post of US Presidency.
In this respect it is not only the American public but the whole world that has various expectations from Obama.	In this background, the American people, on one hand, the world has been associated with different expectations.	In this context, the American people, on the one hand, the whole has been linked with the different expectations. 	In this context, the American people, on the one hand, The only several expectations.
Now that Barack Obama is receiving congratulatory messages from all over the world on becoming the American president, the expectations of him are also becoming clear.	Now, while are received messages of congratulations from all over to become the president of the United States, they are come from any expectations.	And now becoming president of the United States have received messages of congratulations from all over the They are also are emerging relating to expectations. 	While Barak Obama to become the president of the United States are received messages of congratulations from all over the front of their expectations.
In this regard, German Chancellor Angela Merkel has expressed confidence in the new American President.	In this regard, the German Chancellor has expressed confidence on the new US President.	In this regard, The German chancellor have expressed confidence on the new US president. 	In this regard, The German Chancellor Angela Merkel has expressed confidence in the new US president.
"I believe that based on the deep friendship and partnership between the Federal Republic of Germany and the United States of America, we can resolve current issues."	&quot;I believe it, the Federal Republic on the basis of a deep friendship and partnership between Germany and the United States like the state, we can solve the problems.	"I am sure that the Federal Republic of Germany and the United States on the basis of the deep friendship and partnership between we can solve problems facing. 	I am sure that on the basis of deep friendship and partnership between the Federal Republic of Germany and the United States we can solve the problems it faces.
Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin says that Obama seems sober and open-hearted, and this definitely is a good thing.	Russian Prime Minister Mir Putin says that are shown on the owner of a serious and open heart and this is a good thing.	Russian Prime Minister Mir Putin has said that are seen, owner of a serious and open hearts and it is good as 	Russian Prime Minister Mir, Putin said that a serious and open heart and the owner of the is a good thing.
Even though former American President George W. Bush's policies have faced criticism,	However, former U.S. President George W. Bush is facing criticism of the policies.	Thus, former US President George W. Bush's policies is to face criticism. 	, The former American President George W. Bush's policies in the face of criticism.
his administration is surely to be commended for the movement to get China to play a more constructive role on an international level, while China has said about the new American President that there will be a need to work towards strong military relations between the two countries.	However, it is certainly good for the administration to give the movement to play more constructive role at the international level to China while China about the new US President has said that he would have to work for a strong military ties between the two countries.	However his administration to China to play a more constructive role on the international level to the movement of the US president is certainly appreciated while the new China, have said that they have about the strong military ties between the two countries will have to work for. 	But his administration to China to play a constructive role on the international level is praised for the movement while the new China about the US president has said that they will have to work for strong military relations between the two countries.
Chinese political expert Gosoi Wu, active in the German city of Bochum, says,	German city active in Chinese politics expert says:	German city Chinese expert active in politics says: 	German city bloom Chinese expert working in politics woo says:
"In this respect I am sure that in the coming weeks and months Obama and his economic team will apply great pressure, and force the Beijing government to set an exchange rate that is flexible and in accordance with the market for the Chinese currency."	&quot;in this perspective, I believe that in the coming weeks and months and his economic team will lay down the tremendous pressure and the Beijing government will be forced to adopt a better and market relevance to the exchange rate for the Chinese currency.	"I believe in this context is that in the coming weeks and months great pressure and his economic team will cast and the Beijing government and a metal for the Chinese currency market as the exchange rate will be forced to adopt. 	In this context, I am confident that in the coming weeks and months and his economic team will cast the pressure and the Beijing government will be forced to adopt a resilient and the market to keep the exchange rate for the Chinese currency.
The former American administration has further strengthened the relations with India also.	Former American administration has made further relations with India.	Former US administration has made to further relations with India. 	The former US administration has made further relations with India.
Where can Obama take these relations? Regarding this, New Delhi's Professor of American Studies Christopher Raj says, "Now we have come closer in a strategic partnership but Obama cannot make any change overnight."	Where these relations could, a professor of American Studies in New Delhi about this rule says: &quot;Now we have come near the strategic partnership between more but one night, could not bring any change.	where these relations can be, taking about the American sociology professor Christopher in New Delhi rule says: "now we close strategic partnership championship came at night, But the no one can not change law. 	Where these relations can carry about American professor of sociology in New Delhi, Christopher rule says: we have already come close in a strategic partnership, but, but could not bring any change.
Pope Benedict has also emphasized promoting the atmosphere of peace and cooperation in the world in his message for Obama.	In his message, the Pope stressed on promotion to the atmosphere of peace and cooperation in the world.	Pope Also in the name of message of peace and cooperation in has stressed the need to promote environment. 	Pope has also In a message in the name of stressed the need to promote the atmosphere of peace and cooperation.
Provincial Elections in Iraq	Provincial Elections in Iraq	Provincial elections in Iraq 	Provincial elections in Iraq
Since the year 2005, these are the first important elections in this war-torn country.	After a year, this is the first important elections in the war-stricken country.	After years 2005 this war hit first are important elections in the country. 	The year 2005 is the first important elections in the country after the war.
More than 14,400 candidates are running for 440 seats in the provincial elections.	In provincial elections for 14, 500 have landed in.	440 in provincial elections for the 14,400 in more than resting. 	In provincial elections 440 seats for the 14,400 More than in.
To maintain conditions of peace and safety during the elections, 800,000 police and soldiers have been stationed in Iraq.	To maintain law and order situation during the elections, 8 thousand police and soldiers have been deployed in Iraq.	During the elections to maintain the peace and order situation for the eight hundred thousand police and soldiers have been stationed in Iraq. 	During the elections, to maintain the peace and order situation for eight thousand police and soldiers have been stationed in Iraq.
To prevent the danger of an explosion or terrorist attack on such an important day, all of Iraq's borders had already been sealed one day ahead of time, since Friday.	In view of this danger, all the borders of Iraq that such important day would not attack scare any explosives or any other means only a day ago Cell had been on Friday.	view of this danger, that no explosion or any such important day and scare attack not be all the borders of Iraq on Friday, a day earlier were cell. 	In view of this danger, that such important day explosion or any and all the borders of Iraq not to be scare attacks A day earlier, on Friday were sealed.
Additionally, airports have been closed and public transport has been prohibited.	Besides, the airport closed and have stressed and has imposed a ban on public transport.	Besides, closed the airport surveillance and were has been imposed a ban on public transport. 	In addition to this, the airport was shut down and has imposed a ban on public transport.
According to reports, due to the ban on transport, no traffic can be seen on the roads of Baghdad; instead, Iraqi children can be seen playing soccer.	According to reports, due to a ban on transport, are not in the traffic on the roads, and Iraqi children have been seen playing football on the streets.	According TO Information, due to a ban on Transport CAn't see the traffic on the roads and IRAQI Children ARE Looking Playing Football ON THE roads. 	According to the Information, Due to The Ban on Transport CAn't see the traffic on the roads and IRAQI Children Playing Football ON THE roads are Coming.
From the security conditions during the current Iraqi elections, on one hand, it can only be surmised whether, after American troops leave Iraq in the year 2011, local security agencies will be able to take over in the country or not, and on the other hand, political analysts are viewing this as an experiment by which to gauge how much the Iraqi public is willing to bring democratic change to the country.	During the recent Iraqi elections, the security situation, on one hand, it will be the idea that in the year after the withdrawal of American forces from Iraq, local agencies will find the reigns of the country or not, on the other hand, political analyst it are also taken as an experience, which estimated that the Iraqi people are ready to what extent democratic way to bring a change in the country.	One side with the security situation during the recent Iraqi elections, they will realize that the year 2011 after the withdrawal of the US forces from Iraq in local agencies The reigns of the country line will find control or not, On the other hand the autobiography, political analyst it as an experience with which are that the Iraqi people will be appointed to figure out how to bring change in the country through democratic means are willing to a great extent. 	During the recent Iraqi elections with the security situation on the one hand, it will be the year of 2011 after the withdrawal of American troops from Iraq In agencies would control the reigns of the country or not, On the other hand, political analyst As a experience and are taking, which will be assessed that the Iraqi people are ready to head for the democratic change in the country.
Provincial elections are being held in Iraq with the help of the United Nations and approximately 800 international advisors are observing the election process.	The provincial elections are being conducted in support of the United Nations and about 8 100 international observers are to review the electoral process.	With the help of the United Nations provincial elections are being held in Iraq and about eight hundred international observers are to supervise the electoral process. 	Provincial elections are being held in Iraq with the help of the United Nations and about eight hundred international observers are to take stock of the electoral process.
Day of Ashura: Today the Day of Ashura and the Remembrance of the Great Sacrifice of the Chief of Martyrs, Sir Imam Hussein (Peace Be Upon Him) Was Celebrated with Respect and Veneration throughout Iran	Throughout Day Today in Iran, Day Was Celebrated with Respect and Honor Memory of a Great Sacrifice of Hazrat Imam Hussain (25)	Today day throughout the day in Iran Hazrat Imam Hussein remember great respect and honor of the great sacrifice was celebrated 	day today the whole day in Iran Hazrat Imam Hussein, The was celebrated with respect and honor of the great sacrifice
According to a report by Mehr News Agency, in all cities both large and small, including Iran's capital Tehran, the mourning of the Chief of Martyrs, Sir Imam Hussein (peace be upon him), was celebrated with great devotion and veneration. On this occasion, believers participated in memorial services and processions in great numbers and gave condolences to the Honorable Prophet (may Allah bless him and grant him peace) for the martyrdom of his family member (peace be upon him). Today all of Iran is mourning in remembrance of the great sacrifice of the grandson of the Honorable Prophet (may Allah bless him and grant him peace) Sir Imam Hussein (peace be upon him) in the field of Karbala. Believers relived the unparalleled sacrifice of the Chief of Martyrs, Sir Imam Hussein (peace be upon him) in Karbala and participated in memorial services and processions in great numbers.	On this occasion, the meetings organized and participated in large numbers in Nabi Mukarram () and their (25), Iran meet today presented his condolences to the adaptation of the martyrdom of Imam Hussein (25), son of Prophet Mohammad Akram () to participate in the meetings of the fresh memory of sacrifice is behind this example in the field of Karbala of Hazrat Imam Hussain (25) and Azadar in remembrance of giant sacrifice in the field of Karbala and on a large scale and, according to the Mehr news agency report in all small and big cities including Tehran, the capital of Iran, Syed Hazrat Imam Hussain (25) was celebrated with great respect and reverence.	Mehar According to a report of the agency in all small and big cities including the Iranian capital, Tehran Syed Hazrat Imam Hussein was marked with the great respect of on this occasion the rallies and meetings Aza and participate in large numbers and the Nabi Mukarram them evidence of keeping up today presented condolences to Iran of the son Nabi Mukarram Hazrat Imam Hussein of Karbala in the field of the great traditions and mourning in memory of sacrifice is Syed Hazrat Imam Hussain of Karbala in the field of the memory of the recent example of sacrifice and on a large scale participate in the meetings and rallies. 	Mehr News Agency, According to the report, the Iranian capital, Tehran in all the major cities, including Hazrat Imam Hussein,, the celebrated with great respect and reverence extensively offered on this occasion Aza rallies and participate in a large number of Mir and Nabi Mukarram, to his condolence to the death of the, Today Iran son Mir Nabi Mukarram, Hazrat Imam Hussein, The In the field of Karbala in the memory of the Grand sacrifice and is behind believers, Syed Hazrat Imam Hussein,, in the field of the Karbala example of sacrifice and on a large scale odds and participate in the rallies.
Israeli Soldiers Retreat from Gaza's Ajleen Neighborhood // Unprecedented Endurance of Palestinian Soldiers	The Retreat of Israeli Troops from Gaza Area. The Example of Palestinian Mujahideen Perseverance	Israeli troops to retreat from Gaza area The Palestinian mujahideen great loyalty 	Gaza Juan area the retreat of Israeli forces from Palestinian warriors of the loyalty
According to the Urdu Service of Mehr News Agency, even on the sixteenth day of the battle between good and evil in Gaza, Israel continues savage bombing on the urban population. Until now 880 people have been killed and 3,700 Palestinians wounded in Israel's air, land, and sea attacks on Gaza.	According to the Mehr News Agency Urdu service right battle in Gaza City population by day, Israel continued bombing in Israel&apos;s air, ground and sea attacks on Gaza, Palestinian until now, people were killed and injured.	Mehar agency's Urdu service According to the 16th day of the battle in Gaza also Israel's civilian population to continued bombardment on Gaza, Israel till now in the air, ground and naval attacks 880 people have been killed and 3700 Palestinian injured 	Mehr News Agency of Urdu service, According to the right in the Gaza population from the Israeli side, The 16th day of the Battle of bombardment continued till now in Israel's air, naval and ground attacks on Gaza, 880 persons martyred and 3700 Palestinians were injured.
Casualties included 275 innocent children who went to their deaths as they smiled at the treachery of Arab leaders and the so-called international human rights organizations.	They included 275 innocent PM who called treachery of Arab leaders and international human rights organizations are in the embrace of his death.	martyrs at 275 innocent are also among the treachery of Arab leaders and international human rights organizations called on smiled, lives in the embrace of death. 	Martyrs In the 275 innocent at treason are also among the Arab leaders and the international human rights organizations called on the grenade in the embrace of death lives.
Today Gaza's shroud-wearing militants forced Israeli soldiers to retreat from the Ajleen neighborhood and, taking strength from their faith and spirit of martyrdom, are demonstrating spectacular endurance and stability as they make life difficult for the Zionist enemy.	The funeral of Gaza today were Israeli soldiers from the area have been forced to America and Israel are showing great firmness and loyalty and support the power of faith and martyrdom are harassing rhyme life on the enemy	Funeral of Gaza today Mujahidins area in forced Israeli soldiers at the and support the power of faith and martyrdom are Show great firmness and loyalty and Zionists are narrow to rhyme Hayat on enemy 	Funeral of Gaza today Mujahidins, again forced to accept the Israeli forces from the area and the power of faith and martyrdom are great firmness and show of loyalty and support of the Zionist enemy rhyme on the narrow.
If it were not for the treachery of Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak, then Hamas' brave and noble soldiers would have defeated Israel long ago, but in besieging Israel, Egypt has in effect laid siege on Palestinian Muslims, which is the most tragic event in Arab history.	If the Egyptian President Hosny sinister is not treason, Hamas and Israel Bahadur Mujahid when away from defeat, four have been but also Egyptian Muslim Palestinians with Israeli siege is helping philosopher who is the most terrible incident of Arab history	If the Egyptian president Hosni ominous, Hamas would not deeply and brave Mujahid treachery to Israel when it has four away from defeat but from the Israeli siege with Egypt has also Muslims had surrounded the Palestinians is the most tragic incident which Arab history 	If not betrayal of sinister Egyptian President Hosni of Hamas, and brave Mujahid when Israel defeated four away from the Israeli siege, but with the Egyptian Muslim Palestinians under siege which is the most tragic incident of Arab history
Meanwhile the Saudi Arabian and Jordanian governments are providing political and economic aid to Israel, and siding with Israel by betraying Gaza's unarmed Muslims.	On the other hand, the governments of Saudi Arabia and Jordan are to provide political and economic assistance to Israel and Gaza giving with treachery with the unarmed Muslims and Israel.	governments of Saudi Arabia and Jordan, political, economic help items are sent to Israel and Gaza with unarmed Muslims of treason and being with the Israelis. 	On the other hand, the governments of Saudi Arabia and Jordan to Israel for political, economic, and everyday and Gaza are unarmed Muslims with treason and being with the Israelis.
Barack Obama: America Will Adopt New Strategy with Iran	The United States Will Adopt a New Strategy with Iran	Iran will adopt new strategy with the United States 	Park IBM, The United States will adopt a new strategy with Iran
According to a report by Mehr News Agency, America's President-elect Barack Obama said, while speaking with ABC News, that he will adopt a new and updated strategy on the issue of Iran.	According to the report of the Mehr news agency, elected President of the United States, speaking with a B C news channel said that they will adopt a new and modern strategy on the issue of Iran.	Mehar elected president of the United States, According to the report, The agency with ABC news channel, said that while talking on the Iran issue will adopt new practical and modern jobs. 	Mehr News Agency, According to the report, the elected president of the United States, Barak Obama, while talking with ABC news channel said that they will adopt new and modern strategy on the issue of Iran.
Barack Obama said, "Iran will be a very great challenge for the American government."	Iran will be a very big challenges for the American government, &quot;said.	said that "Iran will be a very big challenges for the US Government". 	Barak Obama said that Iran will be a big challenges for the American Government.
Barack Obama said that he is concerned about Iran's support of the Palestinian Islamic organizations Hamas and Hezbollah, and Iran's nuclear expansion program.	Said that Iranian and support of the Islamic Organization Hamas and Hezbollah is worried about Iran&apos;s nuclear program.	Palestinian Islamic organization to said that the Iranian support of Hezbollah and Hamas and concern over Iran's nuclear program. 	Barak Obama said that the Iranian support of Hezbollah and the Palestinian Islamic group Hamas and Iran's nuclear concern on the program.
But instead of continuing with outgoing American President Bush's policy about Iran, he will adopt a different policy regarding relations with Iran.	But they will not be issued to US President George W. Bush&apos;s policy on Iran and the relations with Iran will adopt a different policy in this regard.	But he present in Iran about the US President Bush's policy will not continue and relations with Iran will adopt different in connection with the policy. 	But they will not keep the current US President Bush's policy in Iran and will adopt a different policy in the relations with Iran.
Barack Obama said, making his intentions perfectly clear, he will place emphasis on mutual respect and the desire to communicate.	Said that he will emphasize on the desire of their real purpose completely clear, mutual respect and dialogue.	said that on his real aim to completely clear, mutual respect and will give upon the desire of talks. 	Barak Obama said that his real aim to completely clear, mutual respect and stressed on the desire of the talks.
Barack Obama has already said in the past that there should be no pre-conditions imposed on the talks with Iran.	In the past, have also said that talks with Iran should not be imposed any conditions before in this regard.	also has said in the past that talking to Iran first in connection with any life not imposed conditions. 	have said in the past that the process of talks with Iran in not impose any conditions to be.
During the interview he expressed the hope that his administration will act quickly on this new policy with regard to Iran.	During the interview, he hoped that the administration will be working with the new strategy, speed with regard to Iran.	During the interview, He expressed the hope that his administration with regard to Iran will follow up this new practical jobs. 	During the interview, He expressed the hope that his administration with regard to Iran on this new strategy will follow.
About the crisis in the Middle East, Obama said that he is forming a special team to deal with it	About the Middle East crisis, said that they are shaping a special team in this regard.	said about the Middle East crisis, that they are formed a special team in this regard. 	Obama said about the Middle East crisis that they are formed a special team in this regard.
which will begin to work towards efforts for establishing peace in the Middle East after January 20.	Start work after January 20 for peace efforts in the middle.	20 for the establishment of peace efforts in the middle of January after will start working. 	Will start work after the January 20 for the establishment of peace efforts in the Middle.
President George Bush: America's Incompetent and Hateful President Bush Has Admitted to His Mistakes and Crimes in His Final Press Release	Bush Incompetent and American President Bush Has Acknowledged Its Mistakes in Last Press Conference.	incompetent and President Bush Bush addressed the last press in admits its mistakes. 	Bush American incompetent and Manipur, President Bush its mistakes in addressing the press last admitted.
Mehr News Agency has quoted from the Associated Press that in the last press conference of his term, American President George Bush has admitted to many of his mistakes and crimes.	Regarding the Mehr news agency Associated Press, has noted that US President George W. Bush has acknowledged several of its mistakes and crimes in the final press conference of his term.	Mehar copy in connection with the agency told the Associated Press that the US President George Bush in his last press conference, many admitted its mistake and crime. 	Mehr News Agency told the Associated Press from that the US President George Bush in his last press conference of its mistakes and admitted the crimes.
While addressing a press conference in the White House, President Bush said that he has feelings of good will towards the newly elected President Obama, but the biggest challenge for Obama will be to prevent any possible attack on America.	Addressing a press conference at the White House, President Bush said that they have feelings of goodwill toward the newly elected President, but for most it to possible attacks on the United States.	While addressing a press conference at the White House, President Bush said that the newly elected President than the gesture of good feelings have, However, for the biggest challenge will be to prevent possible attacks on the United States. 	While addressing a press conference in the White House, President Bush has said that the newly elected President of Obama than as a gesture of goodwill feelings are, However, for the biggest challenge will be to prevent possible attacks on the United States.
He said that the execution of the mission in Iraq and social security reforms were his mistakes.	He said that the completion of the mission in Iraq and social security reforms were their mistakes.	He said that the completion of the mission in Iraq and social security reforms were his mistakes. 	He said that the completion of the mission in Iraq and social security reforms his mistakes.
President Bush said that whatever he did was for the protection of America.	President Bush has said that he made that some 100 for the protection of the United States.	President Bush has said that he did whatever 100 for the protection of the United States. 	President Bush has said that he was for the sake of the security of the United States.
Regarding continued Israeli aggression in Gaza, in answer to numerous questions, President Bush said that Israel has the right to defend itself. In his view, Hamas does not have the right to defend itself; Hamas should not raise a hand against Israel, and, like America, the world should choke the victim instead of the oppressor.	In response to several questions were asked about the ongoing Israeli aggression in Gaza, President Bush said that Israel has a right to defend yourself, according to them, Hamas is not a right to defend himself and the world like Hamas should not raise their hands on Israel and the United States should flatten the neck of the victim instead of cruelty	The Israeli aggression in Gaza in response to several questions about President Bush has said that Israel has the right to defend their According to Hamas does not have the right to defend himself and Hamas should not stand hands on Israel and the United States like the world should cow of Iraq instead of brutal Gila 	Israeli aggression in Gaza in response to several questions about the US President George Bush said that Israel has the right to defend themselves. according to him, the Hamas does not have the right to defend himself and Hamas should not have to Israel, The United States and the world oppressor instead of the oppressed should urge the neck
America's inefficient, incompetent, and hateful President said that Hamas should not even be provided with weapons, even though America is providing Israel with the world's most lethal and destructive weapons. In massacring Palestinians, Israel is benefiting from American weapons. Bush also praised the pro-Israel Arabs and declared them Israel's friends.	Inefficient and ineffective, President of the United States said that Hamas weapons should not be provided the United States and Israel are providing the world&apos;s most deadly and devastating weapons of Palestinians are being massacred in Israel to benefit from American weapons, Bush praised the pro-Israel Arabs and termed Israel&apos;s friend.	Beneath incompetent and president said that the United States not to provide weapons to Hamas. while the United States to Israel from most of the world is deadly and destructive weapons provided the Palestinians massacred in Israel is gain from American weapons Bush has Nawaz also praised the Arabs and ratings a friend of Israel. 	unworthy of the United States and President also said that Hamas weapons not militarily to Israel and the United States, the world's most deadly and destructive weapons to provide the Palestinians with Israel in the murder of American weapons to benefit Israel, Bush also praised the Arabs and a friend of Israel.
Bush expressed embarrassment over some of the crimes committed in Abu Ghraib and Guantanamo prisons.	Bush expressed embarrassment at some of the crimes in Abu Ghraib and jails.	Bush has in the Abu Ghraib and jails expressed embarrassment on some crimes. 	Bush in Abu Ghraib and Guantanamo jails in shame on some of the crimes.
Critics say that charges should be brought against Bush for war crimes and the organizations that perform this task will be doing a great favor to humanity.	Observers say Bush should set up a war crimes case and organizations who will perform this work will be a favor on their humanity.	Observers say Bush is a war crimes case should be established and the organizations will give do this work will be a big favor on his humanity. 	According to observers, The case of Bush on war crimes should be set up and the organizations will be a very big favor at his humanity will do this work.
President Ahmadi-nejad: Iranian President Has Expressed Disappointment over the Silence of Leaders of Arab Countries	President Ahmadinejad, Iranian President Expressed His Regret over Silence of Leaders of Arab Countries.	President of the leaders of the Arab countries, The Iranian President Ahmadinejad has expressed the concern over silence 	President Ahmadinejad The Iranian president expressed his regret on the rest of the leaders of the Arab countries.
According to a report by Mehr News Agency, Iranian President Dr. Mahmud Ahmadi-nejad, severely criticized Arab leaders' silence over Israel's aggression and its oppression and injustice in the Gaza Strip, and has expressed disappointment.	Mehr news agency reported that Iranian President Dr. Ahmadinejad has been expecting criticism on the Israeli aggression on Gaza and the oppression of the rest of the leaders expressed regret.	Mehar According to a report of the agency said that the Iranian president Dr. Nejad injustice and oppression of the Israeli aggression on Gaza and its silence on leaders took place at the criticism expressed his regret. 	Mehr News Agency, According to the report, said that the President of Iran, Dr. origin of Israeli aggression on Gaza and this injustice and oppression leaders of silence on Eid expressed the sorrow of the criticism.
President Ahmadi-nejad, expressing astonishment at the silence of Arab countries and their leaders over Israel's barbaric activities in Gaza, has said that Israel is enacting a holocaust upon the Palestinian people, making Palestinian children, women, and civilians targets of its barbarianism, and so far Arab leaders have not even issued one statement.	Since he has said that Israel is Palestinian people lettuce is targeting its savagery to Palestinian children, women and civilians and Arab has even not issued a statement, expressing surprise at the silence on the barbaric action of the Arab countries and Israel on his head from Gaza.	origin was the head of the Arab countries and their summits of silence on Israel's barbaric action on Gaza on surprise of Palestinian people, has said that Israel lettuce is to Palestinian civilians, women and children is its barbarism and Arab did not even also issued a statement. 	Was Born the summits of the Arab countries and their silence on Israel's barbaric action on Gaza surprised said Palestinian people that Israel lettuce is the Palestinian children, women and civilians is a target of barbarism and Arab ironman, has not issued a statement.
President Ahmadi-nejad has said that all Arab countries should unite against Israel and save the oppressed Muslims of Gaza from Israel's wickedness and its oppression and injustice.	President Ahmadinejad is that all the Arab countries against Israel unite Shar and the oppression of Israel to the oppressed Muslims of Gaza and the country.	President Ahmadinejad has said that all Arab countries united stance against Israel and Gaza the oppressed Muslims to Israel from injustice and oppression of evil and the innocent. 	President Ahmadinejad has said that all the Arab countries against Israel and unite the oppressed Muslims of Gaza to Israel's evil and leading to the injustice and oppression.
Ahmadi-nejad: King of Saudi Arabia Should Define His Stand on Israel's Genocide in Gaza	Ahmadi, King of Saudi Arabia Should Clarify Its Position in Human Genocide by Israel in Gaza	Ahmadinejad the king of Saudi Arabia to Israel in Gaza clarified their position. about human race invasion of 	Ahmadinejad the king of Saudi Arabia to clear their position about the human genocide at the hands of Israel in Gaza
According to a report by Mehr News Agency, President Mahmoud Ahmadi-nejad, in his message to Saudi Arabia's sovereign King Abdullah, has said that the calmness of Saudi Arabia's Muslim king over the genocide in Gaza and his silence over the massacre of innocent women and children in Gaza are the reason for the encouragement of the enemies of Islam.	According to the report of the Mehr news agency, President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, the ruler of Saudi Arabia, the name of the country, Abdullah said in his message that the Muslim king of Saudi Arabia has been silence on the common cause of Islam encourage children rest on human genocide in the Gaza strip and the killing of innocent children and women in Gaza	Mehar agency, According to the report, President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, the ruler of Saudi Arabia Abdullah said in his message that the name of the country the Muslims of Saudi Arabia King of silence on human race scene in Gaza and on the murder of innocent women and children in Gaza due to encourage Islam silence is still 	Mehr News Agency, According to the report, the ruler of Saudi Arabia, President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said in his message that the name of Abdullah of Saudi Arabia King of silence on the human genocide and the murder of innocent children and women in Gaza in Gaza while Islam is the cause of encouraging the
President Ahmadi-nejad said in the message, "You should define your stand and support the oppressed in Gaza so that the efforts of the enemies to create rifts in the Islamic front will fail."	President Ahmadinejad said in the message that you can failed their efforts by differences in front of enemies so their right position on Gaza and the support of the oppressed and clear.	President Ahmadinejad has said in the message that you about their right in the Gaza position and support the oppressed and clear differences in destroyed so that the enemies of the Islamic front of casting become failed efforts 	President Ahmadinejad has said in the message that you their true position in Gaza and the support it so on behalf of the enemies of the Islamic Front, the differences in the efforts failed.
President Ahmadi-nejad has said in his message to the king, "You know that for nineteen days now Israel has set out to commit genocide in Gaza, is massacring innocent children, and is savagely bombing homes, mosques, schools, and hospitals. The Zionist government is savagely slaughtering unarmed Muslims in Gaza. Under these circumstances Israel's determination is increasing because of the silence of leaders like you."	President Ahmadinejad said in his message that you know is that within 19 days, Israel has been balance on human genocide in Gaza killing innocent innocent children are common in Gaza, the Israeli Government is badly massacred in these circumstances, the silence of leaders like you are raised the morale of Israel is a barbaric bombardment on houses, mosques, schools and hospitals.	President Ahmadinejad has said in his message that you know that Israel 19 days human race seat on genocide took place in Gaza is innocent because the murder of innocent children houses, mosques, schools and hospitals is barbaric bombardment on Gaza The Israeli Government of unarmed Muslims in these circumstances, is badly massacred as leaders of Israel in silence in boosting 	President Ahmadinejad has said in his message that you know that 19 days in Gaza from Israel on genocide base is innocent because the murder of innocent children houses, mosques, schools and hospitals in the barbaric bombardment on Gaza, Israeli government of unarmed Muslims in these circumstances, like you from the rest of the boosting of Israel
President Ahmadi-nejad said to King Abdullah, "If non-Muslim countries like Venezuela and Bolivia have taken concrete steps against Israel, how much more is to be expected from you."	President Ahmadinejad from the country, Abdullah said that non-Islamic countries like Venezuela and have taken concrete steps against Israel, you can expect from these countries.	President Ahmadinejad Abdullah said that the country and like Islamic countries have taken firm steps against Israel, these countries from, you are expectations of 	President Ahmadinejad, Abdullah said that And as an Islamic countries are concrete steps against Israel, you with these countries expectations of
President Ahmadi-nejad said that Palestinians will be successful in Gaza.	President Ahmadinejad will got step of the Palestinians in the Gaza strip.	President Ahmadinejad has said that the step of Palestinians victory in Gaza will prosper. 	President Ahmadinejad said that the success of the Palestinians in Gaza will prosper.
And the oppressed will be granted victory over the oppressor and that this is God's promise.	Ascendant -- on the cruelty victory will be possible, and this is the promise of God.	professionals to compel Iraq on victory will be achieved and it is promised to Almighty Allah. 	professionals and they will be the first victory on the oppressor and promised of Almighty Allah.
President George Bush: Terrorism Is Still a Threat for America	President George Bush Terrorism Is Still a Threat to United States.	President George Bush is still a threat for the United States terrorism 	President George W. Bush terrorism is still a threat for the United States
Mehr News Agency has quoted from a German news organization that the American President George Bush, addressing his successor Barack Obama and the nation in his farewell speech, said that even though, as compared to seven years ago, America is safe today, the threat of terrorism still hangs over America's head.	Mehr news agency quoting the German news agency, has noted that U.S. President George W. Bush addressing the nation and his successor in his farewell speech, said that even though seven years earlier than the United States is safe today, but the danger of terrorism is still us, Sir.	Mehar copying the agency with regard to the German mercury that the US President George Bush in his farewell speech, his successor, while addressing the nation and said that although than the seven years ago, if the United States threat of terrorism today is safe but also the United States today is hovering. 	Mehr news agency quoting the German news agency that the US President George Bush in his farewell speech, his successor and an address to the nation, said that although seven years earlier than the United States today is safe but still the danger of terrorism is the head of the United States.
Bush said that the terrorist enemies are waiting patiently to attack America, they have a firm resolve to attack America, and America should not be careless about its security.	Bush said that the United States attacked to terrorist enemies are sitting establish vine with patience and he intended determined to attack the United States and the United States should also be oblivious to its security.	Bush said that the attack on the United States to secure terrorist enemies are sitting raised aim with patience and intending decided to attack the United States and the United States also should not be negligent of its security. 	Bush said that the attack on the United States to secure gaze from the terrorist enemy and they are determined to attack on the United States and the United States should not be oblivious to its security plans.
Ignoring the pain and suffering of hundreds of thousands of Palestinians in Gaza, the American President defended his aggressive and wrongful policies. America's President said that America continues to be the biggest proponent of freedom, although critics don't accept these statements of America's hateful President as reality because America is neither a champion for freedom nor a supporter of human rights; instead, America is the most evil country in the world, not only protecting a bloodthirsty government like that of Israel, but directly involved in its crimes.	The American President of hundreds of thousands of Palestinians in the Gaza Strip, grief and will defend its aggressive and wrong policies while these statements do not accept the fact that the president of the United States, the United States is still the biggest supporter of freedom, although observers of the American president George Bush like Israel are not only the government, but is directly involved in this crime, not because the United States, which is a symbol of independence and not only is the champion of human rights, but the United States is the most evil country in the world.	US President to the grief of millions of Palestinians in Gaza and defend its aggressive and wrong policies, while the president of the United States also said today that the United States is the biggest country supporting independence but observers to these statements by the president American freedom do not acknowledge reality, not because the United States is an infidel and human rights in the United States is supporting the world most turbulent country like is that Israel is not only the bloodthirsty government But it is directly participated in the crime. 	President Bush to reduce the grief of millions of Palestinians in Gaza and its aggressive and the defense of the wrong policies of the United States, The president said that the United States is still the biggest supporter of freedom, However, observers of the American these statements do not accept the truth of the president because the United States is the pioneer of freedom and human rights, is a supporter of the United States in the world is the most evil country like Israel savage not only of the government but it is directly involved in crime.
Israel is massacring children, women, and civilians, and America's President is condoning this; this is the American freedom and humaneness that the world is observing in Gaza and other areas.	Israel, children, women and civilians have been massacred, and by the president of the United States, there is saying that American humanity and freedom in the world, and other places of the world is.	Israel because the murder of civilians, women and children and that the United States and the president of the appreciation is saying this American freedom and humanity and other places of the world in which world is 	Israeli killings of children, women and civilians, and the president of the United States, saying it is the US and the world Freedom House and in other places of the world.
Osama Hamdan: Resistance Will Continue in Palestine	Osama Will Continue in Palestine	Osama will continue in Palestine 	Osama Hamdan will continue to teach in Palestine
According to a report by Mehr News Agency, Osama Hamdan, a representative of Hamas, while talking with a French news agency in Lebanon, said that a unilateral cease-fire from Israel is against the collective international efforts towards a cease-fire. He said that as long as Israel is present in Gaza, a unilateral cease-fire will be meaningless.	According to the report of the Mehr news agency, Hamas representative in Lebanon, Osama, speaking with the French news agency, said that one-sided ceasefire by Israel is against the efforts of the international comprehensive ceasefire, he said until the present in Gaza will continue until this time, on one hand, the cease-fire will be meaningless	Mehar According to a report of the agency of Hamas representative in Lebanon Osama while talking with the French Mercury agency has said that the international ceasefire unilaterally by Israel against the efforts of a comprehensive cease fire. He said until will remain in Gaza until this time will be meaningless ceasefire to one 	Mehr News Agency, According to the report, Hamas representative in Lebanon Osama Hamdan, speaking with the French news agency, said that Israel has sided with the war international Comprehensive cease fire against the efforts of when he said To will remain in Gaza at this time to one side of the ceasefire will be meaningless.
He said that the unilateral cease-fire is a useless attempt by Israel to avoid defeat. Hamdan said that if Israel wants lasting peace then it will have to discontinue the siege and accept Hamas's conditions.	He said that on one hand, the ceasefire is Israel&apos;s failed attempt to avoid defeat, said that if Israel wants the continual peace that it to end with Hamas to accept the conditions	Ceasefire, He said that one hand is Israel's unsuccessful attempts to avoid defeat continual has said that if Israel wants peace with this to end is that Hamas will have to accept the conditions 	He has said that one of the war to avoid defeat for Israel's failed attempt to said that if Israel wants continual peace that to end will have to accept the conditions of Hamas
Hamas's leader in Lebanon clarified that if Israel calls for a unilateral cease-fire while its army remains in the Gaza Strip, then opposition will continue against it.	Hamas leader in Lebanon made it clear that the rest of the Israeli army in the Gaza strip live in the one-sided ceasefire if Israel will continue resistance against it.	Hamas leader in Lebanon have made it clear that the rest of Israeli army in Gaza Strip, live, if Israel unilaterally cease fire, the resistance will continue against it. 	Hamas leader in Lebanon, made it clear that the rest of the Israeli army in the Gaza Strip if Israel had unilaterally cease fire against the resistance will continue.
While addressing the Unity Conference with fellow Gazans in Beirut, Osama Hamdan demanded that European countries discontinue relations with Israel.	Addressing a conference in Beirut in solidarity with his Gaza Osama has demanded severed relations with Israel with European countries.	Gaza people in Beirut Osama with unity while addressing a conference of the European countries to severing ties with Israel, asking 	Beirut in solidarity with the people of Gaza while addressing the conference, Osama Hamdan, the European countries demanded the reassignment severing relations with Israel.
The leader of Hamas said that "with the increasing number of martyred and wounded, our determination and courage will grow stronger."	Hamas leader said that the increasing number of martyrs and injured was Our determination and courage, and the number will be raised.	Hamas leader said that the growing a number of martyrs and injured from our designs and courage and will be. 	Hamas leader said that the increasing number of martyrs and injured our determination and courage and will be high.
He told the Palestinian public to take a rock-solid stand in the resistance against the enemy in the war.	On the Palestinian people, he said that a rock in the war against the enemy continue resistance.	On the Palestinian people, He said that become a rock in the war against the enemy resistance. 	On the Palestinian people, He said, a rock in the war against the enemy.
Pakistan: Taliban Have Killed Six People in Pakistan's North Waziristan Tribal Area	In Pakistan&apos;s Tribal Region of North Waziristan, Taliban Killed Six People.	Pakistan Taliban in North Waziristan tribal area of Pakistan has killed six people. 	Taliban in Pakistan's tribal region of North Waziristan, Pakistan has killed six people.
Mehr News Agency has quoted from Reuters that in Pakistan's North Waziristan tribal area the Taliban has killed two Afghan citizens and four Pakistanis accused of spying.	Quoting Reuters, the Mehr News Agency has noted that four Pakistanis and two Afghan civilians in Pakistan&apos;s tribal region of North Waziristan sounded murdered in the Taliban accused of spying.	Mehar Reuters agency has connection with the copy that two Afghan civilians in North Waziristan tribal area of Pakistan and the Taliban four Pakistanis killed the breakthrough in the case of espionage. 	Mehr news agency quoting the Reuters in North Waziristan, the tribal area of Pakistan that killed two Afghan civilians and four Pakistanis in the Taliban accused of spying.
According to reports, local people found four dead bodies at the Tehsil Intersection, in the area of Tehsil Mir Ali on Tuesday morning who had been killed by gun shot,	According to reports, local people were killed Tuesday morning upon are four corpses in Tehsil Chowk area of the district.	According TO Information, Local people District Tuesday Morning Four dead Bodies were found in Tehsil Chowk AREA Of WHICH Has been SHOT and Killed. 	According to the local people on Tuesday morning, the district moral area of the four dead bodies were found, which have been shot and killed.
while two dead bodies were found in the capital Miranshah that had been thrown in one area of the market.	While two bodies are received from the location, the market had been shot in a market.	While two bodies were found with President acting who was shaping thrown in a market of market. 	Two dead bodies from the Mrannshah president who was thrown in a market of the market.
Letters written in Urdu were also found with the dead bodies in which it is claimed that the murder victims were spies.	It has been claimed that the spy used letters were written in Urdu are also met with dead bodies.	Bodies near the letters written in Urdu are also found in which has been claimed that injures spying. 	Dead bodies have also found the letters written in Urdu, in which has been claimed that injures espionage.
Two weeks ago two Afghan natives accused of spying were also killed in Miranshah, the capital city in North Waziristan.	Two weeks ago, two Afghan nationals in North Waziristan, the location was murdered in the charges of espionage.	Also President of North Waziristan place two weeks ago in Mrannshah two Afghan nationals accused of spying was murdered. 	Two weeks ago, The President of North Waziristan, Mrannshah was murdered in two Afghan citizens accused of spying.
In the past twelve days, fifteen people accused of spying for America have been killed.	In the last 12 days, 15 people have been killed in the charge of spying for the United States.	In the last 12 days to 15 people killed was formally accused of spying for the United States. 	Killed 15 persons accused of spying for the United States in the last 12 days.
During the past six years more than one hundred people accused of spying have been killed in North and South Waziristan. The Taliban has been accused of being involved in these types of murder cases.	It should be noted that during the six years in South and North Waziristan, more than 100 people have been killed in the charges of espionage on Taliban is that they are involved in this kind of murder cases.	It should be noted that in North and South Waziristan casting during the six years more than one hundred people accused of spying was killed is on Taliban that they are involved in this type of murder cases. 	It should be noted that in North and South Waziristan casting during six years of more than one hundred people accused of spying was killed in the Taliban is that they are involved in this type of murder cases.
Barack Obama's Signature Expected on Order to Shut Down Guantanamo Bay's Infamous Prison	Expected Signed Order of Notorious Jail Term to Be Closed	order to shut down the jail time maligned expected signature on licence 	The notorious jail signed orders to stop the expected
Mehr News Agency has quoted from sources that the American President will sign the order today for shutting down the infamous Guantanamo Bay prison.	Mehr news agency quoting the sources noted that the American president today signed the order of the notorious jail term to be closed.	Mehar agency, quoting sources from a today is that the US president maligned The questionnaire ordered to close to jail time would sign on 	Mehr news agency quoting the sources that the US president Today Moby the notorious jail will signed orders to stop
The new American President Barack Hussein Obama has started to take steps toward fulfilling his campaign promises.	New American President Hussein has started to import a level on the promises of his election campaign.	New US President Hussain on promises of his election campaign, The import follow level, has started. 	New American President Barak Hussein Obama has started to follow the level on promises of his election campaign.
Along these lines, President Obama has instructed Iraq to make plans for the departure of American troops, while today the American President will sign the order for shutting down the infamous Guantanamo Bay prison.	In this connection, the President has instructed to make plans for the withdrawal of American forces from Iraq, and the order of today to stop the notorious jail term of American President will be signed.	In this regard, The president plan for the withdrawal of American troops from Iraq, has instructed to make today, while US president maligned The questionnaire ordered to close to jail time would sign on. 	In this regard President Obama has ordered the plan for the withdrawal of US forces from Iraq, while the US president Today Moby the notorious jail will signed orders to stop.
It is expected that President Barack Obama may sign the order today under which Guantanamo's prison will close within one year.	It is expected that the president are going to sign today as the order under which will be closed within cell within a year.	Is being expected that President this order who signed today, under which family of imprisonment will be closed within a year. 	Order is being expected that President Barak Obama, who signed today, under which Prison, will be closed within a year.
In addition, orders are expected to be issued from the White House about revising interrogation techniques with terrorist suspects and there is a possibility of orders being issued against foul-mouthing prisoners.	In addition to the White House, the methods of investigating suspected terrorists is likely to be issued orders to ban bad words to revise and prisoners.	The suspected terrorists from the White House on ways of investigation successor and prisoners also ordered the ban on corruption is likely to be issued. 	Besides this, the White House on the ways of investigation of suspected terrorists from Nazaire review and also ordered a ban on bad words from prisoners expected to be released.
President Barack Obama started working on fulfilling his election promises on the first day of his presidency and has begun by taking steps toward making the procedures and actions of his government transparent.	President has started work on the first day of his presidency to fulfill the promises of the election and was first taken to make transparent the process and achievement of his government.	President promises of the first day of his chairmanship election and start working on the first of all of his government, and action to make the transparent steps are taken. 	President Barak Obama has started work on the first day of his presidency to fulfill the promises of the elections and first of all the action of the government and steps of transparency.
Critics say that the American President has started to make efforts to save America's declining credibility on a global level, but it is very difficult for him to succeed because as long as America is prepared to support Israel's bloodthirsty government, it can't be expected to do any good. If America wants to save its credibility in the world, then it should desist from supporting Israel and being an accomplice in its crimes.	Observers say that the American President of the United States on the international level fall also started efforts to protect the reputation. But they are very difficult to get this success because as long as the United States supported Israel&apos;s savage government is firm on middle till then it did not expect any good work is possible if the United States wants to save its reputation in the world, then it should be helped to Israel&apos;s and should not be involved in this crime.	Observers say that the American president on the international level the United States started efforts to save the deteriorating reputation, but they get this victory in Israel's savage is very difficult because until the United States Government is firm on the support of waist till then it can not expect any good work from if the United States wants to save its reputation in the world, it should abandon less than to Israel, and this should not be involved in the crimes. 	, observers say that the American president has started efforts to save the reputation of the United States on the international level, but they get success in this very difficult, because as long as the United States on the support of Israel's savage government back pack until it can do not expect any good work if the United States wants to save its reputation in the world, to Israel to abandon should and should not be involved in the crime.
Tony Blair: Emphasis on the Need to Include Islamic Organization Hamas in Negotiations	Tony Blair Islamic Organization Hamas Stressed Need to Be Included in Talks	Tony Blair Islamic organization stressed on the need to include in Hamas talks 	Tony Blair Islamic organisation Hamas stressed on the need to include talks on
Mehr News Agency has quoted from the British newspaper The Times that Britain's former Prime Minister Tony Blair has stressed the need to include Hamas in the Middle East peace process.	With regard to the Mehr news agency, British newspaper The Times, has noted that British Prime Minister Tony Blair has stressed the need to include Hamas in the Middle East peace process.	Mehar agency with regard to the British newspaper The Times copy that the former prime minister Tony Blair of Britain in the Middle East peace process, has stressed the need to include Hamas. 	Mehr news agency quoting the British newspaper The times that of the British Prime Minister Tony Blair has stressed on the need to include Hamas in the peace process in the Middle East.
According to the newspaper, Tony Blair said that it is important to find a way to bring Hamas into the Middle East peace process. Blair also strongly criticized the Bush Administration for only talking with Mahmoud Abbas and ignoring Hamas. It should be noted that after estimating the popular support and military strength of Hamas, Western countries are now talking of including it in negotiations, whereas previously they understood Hamas to be a terrorist organization, one that is defending its homeland and striving to free its home from occupation by others, one whose home and homeland a usurper government like Israel has been occupying for sixty years.	According to the newspaper, Tony Blair said that it is important that a way should be found through which Hamas should be brought to the Middle East peace process on the Bush only to talk with Mahmoud Abbas, and Hamas of severe criticism for ignoring the public and Nizami power of Hamas steam, it should be noted that the Western countries and now they are talking to participate in the talks and struggle and struggle is that the thief at home and country like Israel has kept seized from 60 years before he was talking interpretation from a terrorist organization Hamas a terrorist organization, who is the defence of their country, to hold free from the occupation of their homes and others.	According to the newspaper, Tony Blair has said that it is important that a way should be found through which Hamas should be brought in the Middle East peace process on the Bush only talking to Mahmoud Abbas and Hamas to ignore the clear that Western countries also severely criticized on the public and Nizami of the Hamas force to steam and now it are to be included in the talks before it while they were Hamas vehemently by a terrorist organization to a terrorist organization to his home which is looking to defend their country from others, is the struggle to hold free and country like Israel occupied the House of government which has kept possession from freezing 60 years. 	According to the newspaper, Tony Blair said that it is important that a way should be found through which Hamas to be brought in the peace process in the Middle East The Bush only to talk with Mahmoud Abbas and Hamas to ignore also severely criticized it should be noted that the western countries have Hamas and Nizami steam to power and now it is said to be included in the talks before the Hamas as a terrorist organization, to be a terrorist organization which was home to the defence of their country free from the others to the struggle of the house and the country like Israel occupied the government has kept forcefully over 60 years.
Murder of Balochistan Businessmen in Karachi, Strike in Quetta	Complete Strike in Baluchistan Traders Murder in Karachi, Quetta	Murder of the traders of Baluchistan in Karachi, Quetta Complete Strike in 	Complete Strike in murder of businessmen in Karachi, Quetta
In protest against the murder of four Balochistan businessmen in Karachi, on Thursday there was a strike in Quetta and several other areas.	Complete Strike in Balochistan in Karachi, Quetta Thursday against the killing of four businessmen and some other areas.	In Karachi on Thursday against the death of the four businessmen Balochistan was complete strike in Quetta and other areas. 	In Karachi on Thursday against the death of four businessmen a complete strike in Quetta and other areas.
Through its duration, all places of business remained closed, while traffic was also less than usual.	During this period, all the business centers remained closed while the traffic was less than usual.	During this all business centers were closed when traffic was also less than usual. 	During this all business centers were closed when traffic was also less than usual.
The call for a protest strike was made by Anjuman-e-Tajiran Balochistan; Pashtoonkhwa Milli Awami Party; and Jamiat Ulema-e-Islam, who accused Karachi police of killing these businessmen by allegedly firing when they reached their car showroom on Tariq Road in their car.	The appeal of the protest strike was Baluchistan, Association of the National Awami Party and Jamiat-e-Ulema-e-Islam, who alleged that these traders from the alleged shooting, Karachi Police were killed when he reached the showroom of their vehicles on Tariq Road in his car.	Protest strike the appeal of the association and cattle Baluchistan, got Milli Awami Party Jamiat Islam scholars had to alleged that these businessmen, Karachi police at the time of the alleged shooting in his car when he killed Tariq reached his showroom of vehicles on the road. 	strike to protest the appeal of Baluchistan merchants, Milli Awami Party and Jamiat Islam had, alleged that these traders to Karachi police was killed when he was in his car at the time of the alleged shooting, Tariq reached showroom of their vehicles on the road.
The president of Anjuman-e-Tajiran, Abdul Rahim Kakar, demanded that the police officers involved in the incident be arrested and action be taken against them.	President Abdul Rahman Kakar Association has demanded that action should be taken against those involved in the incident, the police arrested the family cars.	cattle President Abdul Kalam Kakar demanded the arrested Police personnel involved in that incident and action will be taken against him. 	Merchants President Abdul Kakar Rahman demanded that the arrested Police personnel involved in the incident and action will be taken against them.
However, the position taken by Karachi police regarding this incident has not yet come forth.	The stand of the Karachi police immediately about the incident, however, was not front.	However this immediately about the incident, a Karachi police did not stand. 	But not immediately about the incident in front of the police.
All four murdered businessmen were from the border town of Chaman.	Four traders who were killed was connected to the frontier city garden.	killed the four businessmen to belong to the border town of Chaman. 	killed the four businessmen belong to the border city of Chaman.
On the occasion of the strike, there were widespread arrangements for security made by the government, and police officers were posted at important locations all over the city.	On the occasion of the strike, security arrangements were made on a large scale on behalf of the government and police officials were deployed at important places throughout the city.	Strike on behalf of the government on the occasion of the security measures were taken on a large scale and eligible at important places throughout the city police car were deployed. 	strike by the government on the occasion of the security measures were taken on a large scale and was appointed by the police at important places all over the city.
Hamas Senior Commander Killed in Israeli Attack	Israeli Attack Killed a Senior Commander of Hamas.	commander of Hamas was killed in Israeli attack 	Israeli U.NN commander of Hamas was killed in the attack.
One of the senior commanders of Hamas was killed in an aerial attack by Israel.	In an attack of Israel, a senior commander of Hamas died.	Israel air of a commander of Hamas was killed in the attack. 	Israel a U.NN commander of Hamas was killed in an air attack.
This is the second important person to be killed in the Israeli attacks going on for one week now in the Gaza Strip.	This is the death of other important personality of Hamas in attacks on Israel in the Gaza strip a week.	The Israel in the Gaza Strip a week in attacks from the other important personality killing of Hamas. 	This in the Gaza Strip and Israel in a week of attacks Hamas, The death of other important personality.
Hamas officials have said that Abu Zakaria al-Jamal died Saturday in the Al-Shujai'ya neighborhood located in the eastern part of Gaza City.	Hamas officials said that Abu killed in localities situated in the east of Gaza City on Saturday.	Hamas officials said that Abu Zakariya located in the east of Gaza City on Saturday, in localities were killed. 	Hamas officials said that Abu Zakaria located in the east of Gaza City on Saturday in al-shujaiya locality were killed.
Hamas religious scholar Nazar Rayan had been killed in another aerial attack by Israel on Thursday.	Hamas Alam were killed on Thursday in another attack of Israel.	Israel on Thursday in another air attack The gaunt world of Hamas were killed. 	Israel on Thursday in another air attack The Hamas dull Ryan were killed.
Khaled Meshaal, exiled Hamas leader residing in Syria, has expressed the determination to take revenge and has warned Israel against making a land attack on Gaza.	Exile leader of Hamas, Khalid torch residing in Syria vowed to take revenge and warned Israel against ground attack on Gaza.	Torch exile leader of Hamas Khalid living in Syria has expressed determination to take revenge against the ground attack on Gaza and Israel warned. 	Living in Syria, Hamas leader Khalid, the exile of expressed the determination to take revenge and warned Israel against the ground attack on Gaza.
Thousands of Israeli soldiers and tanks are posted at the border of Gaza and are waiting for attack orders.	Thousands of Israeli soldiers and tanks are deployed on the border of Gaza and they are waiting for the orders of daily army.	On the border of Israel, Gaza Thousands of soldiers and tanks are deployed and the military are waiting for orders. 	Gaza Thousands of soldiers and tanks are deployed on the border of Israel and they are waiting for the military orders.
America has appealed for a cease-fire, but has said that the decision to invade Gaza or not depends on Israel.	The United States has appealed for ceasefire. But said that the decision to daily army on Gaza or not depends on Israel.	United States has appealed for a cease fire. but said that the army on Gaza suicide or the decision not to depend on Israel. 	The United States has appealed to the fire. but said that the decision of the invasion of Gaza or not depends on Israel.
In his weekly speech on the radio American President George Bush accused Hamas of provoking violence and declared its rocket attacks on Israel as terrorism.	US President George W. Bush has declared in his weekly speech on radio, accused Hamas of incitement to violence and terrorism to the rocket attacks on Israel.	US President George Bush in his weekly speech Saturday on the radio for Hamas violence on charges of provocation stupendously and her of the rocket attacks on Israel as terrorism. 	US President George W. Bush in his weekly speech on the radio on Hamas violence incentive for stupendously accused of terrorism to the rocket attacks on Israel.
He said that America is working towards a cease-fire, but a one-sided commitment will not be acceptable.	He said that the United States is doing work for a ceasefire, but a bilateral deal will not be acceptable.	He said that the United States is working for the cease fire, but no one bilateral agreement will not be acceptable. 	He said that the United States is working for the cease fire, but no one bilateral agreement will not be acceptable.
Three Dead Bodies Found in North Waziristan	Three Corpses Recovered in North Waziristan.	Three dead bodies found in North Waziristan 	Three bodies found in North Waziristan
Pakistani security officials have announced that the dead bodies of three men were found in the tribal area of North Waziristan.	Pakistani security officials said that the corpses of three men in the North Waziristan tribal region.	Pakistani security officials have said that the bodies of three men in the tribal area of North Waziristan were found. 	Pakistani security officials said that the bodies of the three men in the tribal area of North Waziristan.
It is suspected that the Taliban gave them the death penalty and killed them.	Suspicion is that they killed the Taliban for the death sentence.	Taliban suspect that they took the death penalty was killed. 	suspect that the Taliban killed the death penalty.
The dead bodies were found near North Waziristan's main city of Miranshah and documents were found with them in which the men were accused of spying for America.	The dead bodies were found near the central city of North Waziristan Miranshah. And they are met with such letters, in which these men have been accused of spying for the United States.	The bodies found near Miran Shah, North Waziristan's central city are and get such with them on their men in which has been accused of spying for the United States. 	The bodies was found near Miran Shah, the main town of North Waziristan, and they are such found in which the men were accused of spying for the United States.
Authorities said that one of the dead bodies is probably that of a local man who had been kidnapped last week.	The officials said that a body part in them is the local man who was kidnapped last week.	Officials have said that one of them is probably the local man at the body which was last week. 	Officials said that a dead body is probably at the local man, which last week was.
They said that the other two bullet-ridden dead bodies are of Afghan natives.	He said that the strategy to bullets are two bodies of Afghan people.	He said that bullets to filter the remaining two bodies of Afghan nationals. 	He said that range from bullets Two dead bodies of the Afghan citizens.
Tenth Day of Continuous Israeli Attacks in Gaza	In Gaza, Israeli Attack on Tenth Day Issued	tenth day Israeli attack in Gaza continue 	Continued on the 10th day of the Israeli attack in Gaza
Palestinian child wounded in Israeli missile attacks. Israel's army is fighting against Hamas soldiers all along the Gaza Strip, while the Israeli air force has been attacking suspected hideouts of militants continuously for ten days.	The Palestinian boy injured in Israeli missile strikes are bad forces of Israel against Hamas in the whole area of the Gaza Strip, while the Israeli air force has continuously continue attacks on suspected hideouts of militant elements in 10th.	Israeli missile attack of the Palestinian child injured in Israel's land forces in the entire area of the Gaza Strip against the Hamas in the tenth while Israeli air attack on suspected hideouts of militants elements continue. 	A Palestinian child injured in Israeli missile attack on Israel's land forces in the entire area of the Gaza Strip, Hamas, against While the Israeli air force 10th suspected hideouts of militants in the attacks continue.
Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak said on Monday that army activities will continue until the people of southern Israel are safe from Hamas's rocket attacks.	In the bar, the Defense Minister said on Monday that the military will continue till the time, until the people of Southern Israel would be not safe from attacks by Hamas.	Israeli Defense Minister once 2 said on Monday that military action at the time will continue until the people of South Israel Hamas not be safe from attacks of the rockets. 	Israeli Defense Minister bar, said on Monday that the military operation will continue until the time when the people of South Israel Hamas rocket attacks should not be safe.
However, in spite of Israel's attacks, Hamas continues to fire rockets, due to which four people along with three civilians have been killed in Israel.	However, the firing of rockets from Hamas is continuing despite Israel&apos;s attacks which killed four people including three civilians in Israel.	However despite attacks, Israel is continuing the firing of rockets by Hamas in Israel in which four people were killed including three ordinary citizens. 	However Israel is continuing despite the attacks of the firing of rockets by Hamas, which killed four people, including three civilians in Israel.
On Monday, Hamas's leader Mahmoud Zahar urged his comrades that they should crush Israeli forces and target Israeli civilians.	Hamas leader Mahmoud Department has stressed on his colleagues on Monday that they will ruin the Israeli forces and to make common Israeli citizens target.	Hamas leader Mahmoud Monday, He stressed on his colleagues that the Israeli forces to give ran and attacking Israeli citizens. 	Hamas leader Mahmoud Zuhayr has urged his colleagues on Monday that he and the replacement of the Israeli forces to target Israeli civilians.
However, one Hamas official has said that their organization plans to send a delegation to Egypt on Monday to focus on the most recent violence.	But a Hamas official has said that his organization to consider the latest situation of the violence on Monday decided to send a delegation to Egypt them.	But a Hamas official has said that the Organization of their latest violence day Monday to consider the circumstances are intention to send a delegation. 	But a Hamas official has said that the Organization on the latest situation of the violence on Monday to consider a plan to send delegation to Egypt.
Wounded Palestinian woman in Gaza. Medical sources in Gaza have said that in the last ten days approximately 530 people have been killed, including the 11 civilians killed on Monday that included at least five children.	In Gaza, a Palestinian injured woman in Gaza, medical sources said that in the past 10 days, people have being killed, and they included the civilians killed on Monday, in which at least five children were.	A Palestinian woman injured in Gaza, medical sources in Gaza said that 530 people have been killed in the last 10 days, and he who were killed on Monday in 11 civilians who were at least five 	In Gaza, a Palestinian woman injured in Gaza, medical sources said that in the last 10 days, about 530 people have been killed, and also included 11 civilians, who died on Monday in which at least five.
Israel has reported one soldier killed and thirty more wounded in a land attack.	Israel has reported the death and injuries of a soldier in the ground attack.	His death of a soldier in the ground attack Israel and 30 reportedly injured. 	Israel has reported the death of a military and 30 more injured in the attack on the ground.
Israel has stopped foreign journalists with the goal of reporting on military activity from entering Gaza.	As the news of the Israeli army, with the purpose, foreign journalists have been stopped from entering the Gaza strip.	Israel News of the military action to foreign journalists from entering the Gaza is allowed. 	Military action by Israel to the news of the the purpose of foreign journalists in Gaza to stop.
American Vice President-elect Joseph Biden Reached Pakistan	Elected U.S. Vice President Joseph Reach Pakistan.	Elected US Vice President Joseph arrived in Pakistan 	elected vice president Joseph arrived in Pakistan
Foreign Minister welcomed American Vice President-elect	The Minister welcomed U.S. Vice President elected	The foreign minister elected US president welcomed The 	Minister of external affairs, The American vice president welcomed
America's Vice President-elect Joseph Biden has reached Islamabad with his delegation on Friday for a tour of Pakistan.	Elected Vice President of the United States, Joseph has arrived in Islamabad on Friday with his delegation on a visit to Pakistan.	The United States elected vice president Joseph along with his delegation on a visit to Pakistan have arrived in Islamabad on Friday. 	The United States elected vice president Joseph along with his delegation on a visit to Pakistan on Friday arrived in Islamabad.
Foreign Minister Shah Mehmood Qureshi and high officials of the American Embassy welcomed him.	The Minister Shah Mahmood Qureshi and U.S. embassy officials welcomed them.	External Affairs Minister Shah Mahmood Qureshi and high officials of the American embassy, welcomed him. 	External Affairs Minister Shah Mahmood Qureshi and the senior officials of the American embassy.
American Senator Lindsey Graham is also on this tour with Biden.	Are with us in this visit.	US Lindsy Graham in this tour with 	US Senator Lindsy Graham in this visit with.
American Embassy spokesman Lou Fintor told Voice of America that during his tour the newly elected president will discuss different regional affairs with Pakistani leadership, but avoided disclosing further details.	American embassy&apos;s press officer lo told Voice of America that the newly elected President will hold talks with Pakistani leadership during his visit on various regional issues, but he did not give further details.	US embassy press officer of low told Voice of America that newly elected president During his visit different from the Pakistani leadership will hold talks on regional issues, However, he avoided to tell More details. 	US embassy press officer of the La told the Voice of America that the newly elected president will hold talks on various regional affairs with the Pakistani leadership during his visit but he avoided to disclose more details.
According to sources in the Office of Foreign Affairs, in addition to high government officials, Joseph Biden will also meet with military leader General Ashfaq Parvez Kayani.	According to the sources of the foreign office, Joseph will also meet the head of the army general Ashfaq Pervez on besides senior government officials.	According to the Foreign Office sources, government officials, as well as chief of army chief Joseph Advocate General Ashfaq Pervez will also met with. 	Of the Foreign Office, according to the sources, Joseph senior government officials, as well as the head of the army General Ashfaq Kiyani, will also meet.
It is expected that in these meetings, in addition to important mutual and global concerns, ideas will be exchanged about matters related to the war on terrorism.	It is expected that these meetings will exchange views on important bilateral and international issues in matters relating to the war against terrorism.	In these meetings is expected that important bilateral and international issues, as well as related to the war against terrorism will be also exchanged views on the issues. 	It is expected that these meetings in important bilateral and international issues will be exchanged views on issues related to the war against terrorism.
Joseph Biden was awarded the Hilal-e-Pakistan.	Joseph was ruling Pakistan Crescent	Joseph was the recipient crescent of Pakistan 	Joseph vowed to Pakistan was
After reaching Islamabad Joseph Biden met with President Asif Ali Zardari.	After reaching Islamabad, Joseph met with President Asif Ali Zardari.	After arrival in Islamabad Joseph met with the President Asif Ali Zardari. 	On his arrival in Islamabad after Joseph met with President Asif Ali Zardari.
In the meeting the President awarded him the honor of the Hilal-e-Pakistan for his role in establishing a close relationship between Pakistan and America.	The president in a meeting on his role in establishing closer ties between Pakistan and the United States, Pakistan Crescent honor the ruling.	The President in his meeting to set up a close ties between Pakistan and the United States vowed on their role in the recipient of honor of Pakistan. 	During the meeting the president on his role in establishing close relations between Pakistan and the United States vowed the honor of Pakistan.
Last year Joseph Biden, as the American Senate's Foreign Relations Committee Chairman, along with Senator Richard Lugar, had introduced a new bill in which it was recommended that during the next five years America's non-military aid for Pakistan be tripled to 5.7 billion dollars.	It should be noted that Joseph had introduced a bill along with US Senator as the Chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee last year, in which 7 million dollars has been recommended by increasing three times in military aid of the United States during the next five years for Pakistan.	clarified that Joseph the last year of the US Senate Foreign Relations Committee chairman Senator with the help of the as a bill was introduced in which Pakistan during the next five years for the United States in military aid, three times the increase by 7 been recommended to quoting dollars. 	It should be noted that Joseph last year as the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, senator with a bill was introduced in the country in which the United States during the next five years for Pakistan has been recommended to seven by three times. 5 billion dollars in military aid.
Joe Biden Played an Important Role in Former President Pervez Musharraf's "Removal of Uniform": Prime Minister Gilani	The Former President Pervez Musharraf, Uniform, Will Play an Important Role in First, Prime Minister	Former President Pervez Musharraf's' uniform has played an important role in the Mr. Prime Minister 	Former President Pervez Musharraf's' uniform 'in has played an important role, with Prime Minister
Yousaf Raza Gilani and Joe Biden (file photo	Yusuf Raza Gilani and who (file PHOTO	Yousaf Raza Gilani and (file photo 	Yousaf Raza Gilani and file photo
Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gilani has said that America's Vice President-elect Joe Biden played an important role in ex-President Pervez Musharraf's removal of uniform and withdrawal from his position as Army Chief and Joe Biden helped greatly in the cause of democracy for Pakistan as well.	Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani said that elected Vice President of the United States, which has been playing an important role in former President Pervez Musharraf&apos;s uniform, to leave the post of the head of the army, and the substantial support for democracy in Pakistan&apos;s	Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gilani said that the United States is elected vice president of the former President Pervez Musharraf's uniform position of the head of the army and has played an important role in cricketing for democracy in the quite of help 	Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gilani said that elected vice president of the United States, which former President Pervez Musharraf's uniform has played an important role in the position of the head of the army and the cricketing for democracy in The of assistance
Yousaf Raza Gilani made this statement at the Karachi Shipyard when talking with reporters.	. Yusuf Raza Gilani has made this statement while talking to journalists on the Karachi Ship.	Yousaf Raza Gilani this statement at Karachi Ship Yard while talking to journalists. 	. Yousaf Raza Gilani, made the statement while talking to journalists at the Karachi Ship Yard.
He said that Joe Biden is a "Pro-Pakistan" leader, supportive of Pakistan, and as Chairman of the American Senate's Foreign Affairs Committee he presented a bill to give 15 billion dollars in aid to Pakistan.	He said that the &quot;pro-Pakistan&quot; or are pro-Pakistan leader and he has presented a bill to the aid of dollars for Pakistan as the Chairman of the foreign affairs committee of the U.S. Senate.	Brought said that the "Pro Pakistan" or supporters of Pakistan leader and brought as of the US Senate Foreign for the Chairman of the Committee of Pakistan 15 Bill To dollars. 	Brought said that the Pro Pakistan or the supporters of the leader and the Pakistan as the US Senate Foreign presented a bill to 15 billion dollars for the Chairman of the Committee of Pakistan.
Again condemning the missile attacks by American spy planes within Pakistani borders, the Prime Minister of Pakistan said that he does not have any kind of agreement with the American government to give permission for these type of attacks and according to him, because this is a matter of Pakistan's sovereignty, he cannot permit such attacks within national borders under any circumstances.	The missile attacks to be US spy planes in Pakistani territory once again to allow the Prime Minister of Pakistan said such attacks were condemned such attacks in national territory, so he could not give any permission is not any kind of agreement with the US government and the MQM on them is a matter of the independence of Pakistan	From American spy planes in Pakistani territory to the missile attacks once again condemned the prime minister, while Pakistan has said such attacks to allow their American is not any kind of agreement with the government and the taken full for this is the issue of Pakistan's autonomy of such attacks in the limits of the country can not be allowed any 	US spy planes in Pakistani territory from the missile attacks once again condemned the prime minister, while Pakistan said there is not any kind of agreement with a US Government about the attacks and their taken skins For this is a matter of sovereignty of Pakistan he could not give any permission of such attacks in the country
He also expressed the hope that after the new government comes into power in America there will also be a change in America's policy.	He also expressed the hope that the United States will be a change in the policy of the United States after coming to power of the new government.	Brought in the United States, has also expressed his optimistic that after the forming of a new government will bring changes in the policy of the United States. 	Brought also expressed the prospect that will change in the policy of the United States after forming the new government in the United States.
(file photo)	(file photo)	(file photo) 	file photo
Yousaf Raza Gilani said that the government has very successfully separated terrorists from common tribal members, but the missile attacks by spy planes are harmful to the government's efforts, so terrorists again join with local tribes.	Yusuf Raza Gilani said that the government has very successfully separate from the common people to the terrorists, but he made from planes to terrorist and tribes are proved to be harmful for government efforts have received the missile attack.	Yousaf Raza Gilani said that the government has large victory to terrorists is separate from Common tribal but S planes made by the missile attack attempts by the government, and are prove harmful for terrorist tribes to get away. 	Yousaf Raza Gilani said that the government has a large victory to terrorists from the tribal, but S planes from the missile attacks are harmful to the efforts of the government and terrorist with the help of the tribes.
He said that the international community agrees with Pakistan on this issue.	He said that the international community will agree to the stand of Pakistan.	Pakistan brought said that the international community Stand by the agreed. 	Brought said that agree with the stand of the international community.
The Prime Minister also said that if any credible evidence is presented, then Pakistani forces will take action themselves in their own areas.	The Prime Minister further said that if no reliable evidence should be given, Pakistani forces will taken in their own areas.	The Prime Minister further said that no reliable evidence should be given, if Pakistan forces will action in their areas. 	The Prime Minister further said that if no reliable evidence should be given Pakistan forces will take action in their areas.
Reiterating his stand about the Mumbai attacks, Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gilani said that if India provides evidence, then an investigation will be conducted on that basis, and if proof of anyone's involvement is found, then action will be taken against that person according to national law.	Mumbai attacks on Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani said in its stand that if India should provide evidences, it will be investigated on the basis and be proof of involvement, against this country would be taken according to the law.	Mumbai attacks about the prime minister Yousaf Raza Gilani their stand, said that if India should provide evidence, he will be investigated and on the basis of evidence of the involvement of get, mostly against the action will be taken according to the law of the country. 	Mumbai attacks on Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gilani, stand In said that if India to provide evidence, on the basis of the investigation will be involvement of the evidence against her will be taken according to the law of the country.
In answer to a question asked about Rehman Malik's tour of Britain and his meeting with MQM leader Altaf Hussain, the Prime Minister said that Rehman Malik went to London with his permission.	Rahman from Britain tour of the country and the MQM leader Altaf Hussain, in response to a question about the meeting, the prime minister said his country Rehman were allowed to London.	Rahman country tour of Britain the MQM Altaf Hussain, leader of the meeting in response to a question about the prime minister said Rahman allowed their country from London. 	Rahman of the country visited Britain the MQM leader, Altaf Hussain, in response to a question about the meeting, The prime minister said Rahman allowed the country to London.
Quetta: DSP Killed with Four Police Officers	Quetta, DSP and Four Policemen Killed	Quetta DSP, including four policemen were killed 	Quetta, four policemen were killed including DSP
file photo	File PHOTO	file photo 	file photo
On Sariab Road, an important highway in Quetta, firing by unidentified assailants claimed the lives of one DSP (Deputy Superintendent of Police) and four police officers.	An important road of Quetta on seryaab road, a DSP, Deputy Police from firing by unknown persons, including four policemen, were killed.	an important highway road of Quetta one shooting by unknown people on DSP, deputy police, including four police personnel. 	Quetta in shooting by unknown people on a highway seryaab road a DSP, Deputy Police, including four police officers.
On Wednesday morning two DSPs, one Sub-inspector, and two Constables were riding in a jeep towards the Police Training Center when unidentified assailants on a motorcycle near Degree College on Sariab Road started firing without provocation on the jeep, as a result of which Sub-inspector Mehdi and Constables Sabghat Ullah and Nasar Ullah were killed on the spot while DSP Hassan Ali died after reaching the hospital.	On Wednesday morning, two DSP riding in a jeep, a sub-inspector and two constables were going to the police training center, located on the road that seryaab unknown attackers riding on a motorcycle near the Degree College started firing on the police jeep from which Mehdi sub inspector and a constable Allah died on the spot while a DSP Hasan Ali died after reaching hospital.	Wednesday morning in a jeep and two DSP, a motorcyclist sub inspector and two constables were being that the police training center seryaab Degree College located on the road near the unidentified attackers on board the motorcycle started firing on the jeep of the police the sub inspector Mehdi and Constable Sibghatullah were killed on the spot when a DSP Hassan Ali, died after reaching hospital 	On Wednesday morning, Two of the DSP in a jeep, a police inspector and two constables were on the training center that seryaab Degree College located on the road of unknown attackers on a motorcycle near police jeep on started firing all inspector, Mehdi and Constable were killed on the spot when a DSP Hassan Ali died after reaching hospital.
Hospital sources say that the badly wounded second DSP Ghulam Muhammad's condition is also critical and that bullets hit him in the head and neck.	Hospital sources said that severely injured the other DSP Ghulam condition is critical and they are struck shot in the head and neck.	Hospital sources say that the other severely injured DSP Ghulam condition is also critical and head and neck in bullets. 	Hospital sources said that severely injured and the other DSP Ghulam condition is serious and shot them in the head and neck.
After this incident police surrounded the area; until now no one has claimed responsibility for the incident.	After this incident, the police surrounded the area to date, the responsibility of the incident, no one has accepted.	Police surrounded the area after this incident taken yet in the incident, No one has claimed responsibility. 	After the incident, police surrounded the area has not yet claimed the responsibility of the incident.
Another Indian Software Engineer Killed in America	A U.S. and Indian Software Engineer&apos;s Killing	Death of another Indian software engineer in the United States 	The death of Indian software engineer and one in the United States
Unidentified assailants in America shot and killed another software engineer from Andhra Pradesh.	In the United States, Andhra Pradesh belonging a and software shot and killed by unknown attackers.	Andhra Pradesh in the United States belonging to the a and software by unknown attackers shot and killed him. 	Andhra Pradesh in the United States belonging to a software shot and killed by unknown attackers.
An unidentified assailant shot 26-year-old Akshay Vishal of Secunderabad two days ago in the state of Arkansas. Vishal died while being treated in the hospital.	Living in two days ago died during medical treatment in hospital. The unknown attackers shot in the state.	living in the 26 attack two days ago in the state unknown to shot during the medical treatment in hospital has died. 	Living in 26 years old Akashi two days before the state unknown in hit a bullet during the medical treatment in the hospital. The Wisla died.
He was an employee of Esteem Computers and was performing services for Falcon Jet Airways in America.	He was a servant of computers and was serving as a jet Airways in the United States.	He employee of computers in the United States, and was jet was performing in services. 	He it employee of computers and in the United States, jet was working.
In the past year seven students from Andhra Pradesh have been killed by anti-social elements in America.	In the past one year, belonging to the Andhra Pradesh, seven students have been killed at the hands of anti-social elements in the United States.	Last year in Andhra Pradesh belongs to the seven student social elements in the United States hands have been killed. 	In Andhra Pradesh last year from the seven student in the United States, at the hands of social elements have been killed.
The increasing number of deaths of students who have gone to America to obtain a higher education and employment has created anxiety for the thousands of families in the province whose children are living in America.	To obtain higher education and employment in the United States, the students to the increasing casualties in the province has created concern in their thousands of families whose children are living in the United States.	The acquisition of higher education and employment in the United States for the increasing numbers of students in their thousands of families in the province has created concern children living in the United States. 	Higher Education and Employment in the United States for the students of the increasing deaths have created thousands of families in the province children living in the United States.
In Andhra Pradesh, America is preferred for pursuing a higher education and a better future.	It should be noted that priority is being given to the United States in Andhra Pradesh for higher education and a better future.	It should be noted that the higher education and better future for the United States is given priority in Andhra Pradesh. 	noted that the higher education and a better future for the United States in Andhra Pradesh is given priority.
According to statistics from the American Consulate in Chennai, every year 100,000 applications are received for American visas from South India, of which the most - 40 percent - come from Andhra Pradesh.	According to the statistics of the American Consulate in Chennai, South India receive 100,000 every year for us visas are most, 40 percent are from Andhra Pradesh.	Chennai in south India according to the statistics of US consulate from the U.S. visa for are taking a every year, 40 percent more than in the are from Andhra Pradesh. 	Chennai in south India, according to the statistics of the US consulate US visa for one million every year are taking 40 percent, The most in Andhra Pradesh.
Meanwhile the provincial government has begun the efforts to bring the victim's body to Hyderabad.	Meanwhile, the provincial government has begun efforts to bring the body of the deceased to Hyderabad.	During provincial government efforts to bring the body of the deceased Hyderabad have started. 	During the provincial government started efforts to bring a body of the deceased.
America Should Remain Vigilant Against Enemy Attacks: Bush	The United States to Remain Vigilant Against Enemy Attacks: Bush	United States are against the enemy attacks: Bush 	The enemy of the United States against the attacks of Are: Bush
In his final weekly speech on the radio, President George Bush urged America to remain vigilant against enemy attacks.	President George W. Bush, in his last weekly speech, the United States has stressed that he remained vigilant against enemy attacks.	President George Bush In his speech last Saturday attack on the United States has stressed that he against the enemy attacks. 	President George W. Bush his weekly speech last week in the United States has stressed that the enemy attacks against the.
Mr. Bush said that the biggest danger for Americans is still the possibility of another terrorist attack, and he warned that the country's enemies are waiting patiently and are determined to strike again.	Mr. Bush said that for the Americans, so far the biggest danger is the possibility of a terrorist attack. and he warned that the enemies of the country are waiting with patience and they were under attack again.	Mr. Bush said that the Americans for the biggest threat still one of terrorists and attack. And he warned that the possibility of the enemies of the country are waiting with patience. and they are to attack again. 	Mr. Bush said that the Americans still for the biggest threat of terrorists and attack. And he warned that the enemies of the country are waiting with patience. and he again to.
The outgoing President said that American must never neglect its safety.	Fast, shoulder, the President said the United Statesrecently should never be absent from their safety.	out the President has said the United States must never should not be negligent of their safety. 	Shoulder The president said the United States must never should not be negligent of their safety.
President Bush also expressed best wishes for the next President Barack Obama who will take the oath of office on Tuesday.	President Bush expressed best wishes for the next President Barak, who will take his post on Tuesday.	President Bush The next president Barak who also expressed best wishes for his post on Tuesday will combined. 	President Bush also expressed best wishes for the next President of Barak Obama, who in his post on Tuesday combined.
On behalf of the Democratic Party, President-elect Barack Obama shed light on the historical significance of the oath-taking ceremony in his radio speech on Saturday.	The newly elected President, Barak has looked light on the historical importance of the ceremony of swearing in his speech on Saturday Radio on behalf of the Democratic Party.	Newly elected President Barak on radio Saturday by the Democratic Party in his speech on the historical importance of the oath taking ceremony light. 	Barak Obama, the newly elected President of the Democratic Party in his speech on the radio on Saturday by taking ceremony on the historical importance of light.
He said that this ceremony has a deep connection with the great American custom of transferring authority peacefully from one leader to the next.	He said that the ceremony is a practice that a leader is a very deep connection with American greatness of peaceful transfer of power from the other leaders.	He said that this ceremony is a tradition as a leader of other leaders to the power transfer peace filled deep is concerned with the American greatness. 	He said that this ceremony is a tradition which has the power to other leaders, A leader of the greatness of US peace with very deep.
Mr. Obama reminded listeners that in the whole world there are many people who cannot even imagine that their leaders will relinquish power without bloodshed or struggle.	Mr. reminded that all over the world, many people could not even this concept that their leaders will be helped to power without resident or struggle.	Mr. reminded that many people in this all over the world can not even that their leader carnage or will be without powers to abandon conflict. 	Mr. Obama reminded That all over the world, many people in this can not even that the leader of the carnage or conflict without the power to abandon.
Sharif Brothers and Federal Interior Minister Meet in Raiwind, Exchange of Ideas on Political and Security Concerns	In Raiwind Sharif Brothers and a Meeting of Federal Interior Minister, Exchanged Views on Political and Security Affairs	Wind Sharif brothers in opinion and the Federal Interior Minister met, exchanged views on political and security issues 	Raiwind Sharif brothers and the Federal Interior Minister meeting, exchanged views on political and security affairs
On Sunday Nawaz Sharif, the leader of the opposition's largest and Punjab's governing party, Pakistan Muslim League N, met with Federal Interior Minister Rehman Malik in Raiwind. in which Punjab's Chief Minister Shahbaz Sharif was also present.	The opposition in the biggest and Punjab Chief Minister of Punjab, Shahbaz Sharif in which was meeting in Raiwind on Sunday between the head of the ruling party, Pakistan Muslim League (N) Nawaz Sharif and Federal Interior Minister Rehman Malik was also present.	Debate The largest and the ruling party in Punjab, Pakistan Muslim League and Nawaz Sharif, head of the Federal Interior Minister Ashaar opinion on Sunday between the power in the country met in Punjab's Chief Minister Shahbaz Sharif were also present. 	Starting from the opposition and ruling party in Punjab, head of the Pakistan Muslim League, Nawaz Sharif and federal interior minister Ashaar Raiwind in a meeting on Sunday between the country's in Punjab Chief Minister Shahbaz Sharif were also present.
According to local media, Rehman Malik may have brought some important message for the leadership of the Pakistan People's Party.	According to local media, Rehman Malik was brought any important message to the leadership of the Pakistan People&apos;s Party as possible.	According to local media, possibly on Ashaar country of the leadership of Pakistan People's Party were taking any important message. 	According to the local media Ashaar had brought no important message of the Pakistan People's Party under the leadership of the country.
However, after the meeting when talking with reporters, Rehman Malik did not give any details in relation to this, only saying that, with regard to political concerns, he has talked about the politics of agreement and has given a briefing to the leadership of PML-N on the situation after the Mumbai attacks.	However, talking to journalists after the meeting, a country in this regard did not reveal any detail and only said that with regard to political affairs, he spoke of the politics of consensus, and the leadership of P. M. L. N is briefed on the situation after the Mumbai attacks.	However, Speaking to journalists after the meeting in connection with this much Ashaar Malik told no details and only said that political issues brought the Is the politics of the approval of the city, and after the Mumbai attacks recently on L. N M's leadership is given a briefing. 	However, Speaking to journalists after the meeting in this regard Ashaar country has revealed no details and only said that political issues with the approval of the politics is, and the city after the Mumbai attacks on the leadership is given a briefing.
In his words, "I have provided information about all that the action that has taken place up until now.	In his words: &quot;so far, all the action has provided information about it.	In their words: 'so far as there is action Provided Information ABOUT HER. 	In their words: 'so far provide As much Information about The operation.
Don't forget that a great deal of activity has taken place in Punjab by the government, and right now the team that I have put together also needs the help of the Punjab government."	Not that there has been a large operation in Punjab and the Punjab government and is still need the help of the Punjab government, which has set up a team.	Not that big operation browser has in Punjab and whatever government is the Punjab and the team is set up in her IN also need the help of the Punjab government. 	Remember that there has been a large operation in Punjab and the Punjab government and is still in the team is formed in the Punjab government, in need of help.
Rehman Malik said that, although the media is not informed daily, messages are exchanged every day with PML-N leadership. Pervez Rashid, the spokesperson of Pakistan Muslim League N, also refrained from saying anything in reference to political concerns during conversation, only saying that Mr. Rehman Malik has told all that needed to be told.	Rehman Malik said that the media, then, are not reported every day, but the leadership of P. M. L. N is daily exchange. On the other hand, the spokesman of the Pakistan Muslim League (N), Pervaiz Rashid avoided disclosing anything about political issues in the talks, and so has said that he was the person who tell a country telling.	Ashaar every day, Malik said that media do not tell, but L. N M's leadership to transfer of the daily. Meanwhile, Pakistan Muslim League's spokesman, Pervez Rashid has also some political issues in talking to avoid and tell said that Ashaar so they had to tell Mr. Malik, who showed. 	Ashaar said that every day, the media said, But the daily from the leadership exchange. Meanwhile, spokesman of the Pakistan Muslim League, Rashid, Also in the political affairs, refusing to disclose and said that Ashaar tell the country was told.
This meeting of the Interior Advisor with the leadership of Pakistan Muslim League N has taken place at a time in the province's heated politics when more than twenty nazims who belong to PML-Q, the opposition to the Punjab government, held a press conference with Punjab's Governor Salman Taseer PML-N not only rejects a criticism made by these nazims of the actions of the provincial government but also objects to the Governor's involvement in the matter of the press conference, who has connections with the Pakistan People's Party.	It should be noted that a meeting of the Interior advisor to the leadership of the Pakistan Muslim League (N) has been this time when that government in the summer, warm politics province belonging to the Punjab anti P. M. L. Q more than a press conference with the administrators, Punjab Governor Salman P. M. L. N, rejecting criticism of the actions of the provincial government by managers belonging to the Pakistan Peoples Party, the Punjab Governor object on the participation in this matter.	It should be noted that Pakistan Muslim League met with the leadership of the interior was at this time, when that government in the warm summer politics of Punjab province against P. L. Q M 20 belonging More than administrators, Punjab Governor Salman P. L. N M, press conference with Administrators from the steps of the provincial government, rejected criticism of Pakistan People's Party belonging to the governor of Punjab is the objection on participation in this issue. 	made it clear that Pakistan Muslim League met with the leadership of the Missouri home, at a time when that warm summer of politics in the Punjab government against the Q, More than 20 administrators who belonged to the Punjab Governor Salman along with the press conference of the United States, on behalf of the steps of the provincial government, rejecting the criticism of the Pakistan People's Party belonging to the governor of Punjab objection on the participation in this matter.
Obama's Speech Holds Bright Prospects for Pakistan: President Zardari	Speech Is Pleasing for Pakistan: President Zardari.	's speech is a welcome step: President Zardari for Pakistan 	's speech is a welcome step for Pakistan: President Zardari
Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari, welcoming the inaugural speech of America's new President Barack Obama, has said that his remark about furthering a relationship with the Muslim world of mutual interests and respect holds bright prospects for Pakistan and its people.	It is fortunate for the people of Pakistan and that Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari, welcoming the opening address of the new president of the United States said that his side to advance the relationship of mutual respect and interests with the Muslim world.	Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari, The new President of United States, Ehud opening address of the said that while their welcome to the Muslim world with mutual interests and talk of belong to promote respect for the people of Pakistan and he is welcome. 	Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari, The new President of the United States Ehud Barak Obama said that they welcomed the opening address of the Muslim world with mutual interests and respect for the people of Pakistan and is a welcome step.
In a statement issued on Wednesday he said that high ideals and the return to a commitment to values is the hope for a better future for people all around the world.	In a statement released on Wednesday, he said that the high principles and values from the American president reiterating the determination of the people of the world, is the hope of a better future.	Brought in a statement released on Wednesday said that the US president's chief to the principles and values throughout the world reiterated the hope of a better future for the people. 	Brought In a statement issued on Wednesday said that the US president on behalf of the principles and values of Chief reiterated the hope of a better future for the people of the world.
According to the statement President Zardari said that, without a doubt, America, together with the global community, is charged with the important responsibility of finding new ways for peace, progress, and prosperity in the twenty-first century.	According to the statement, President Zardari said that with the help of the international community, America is undoubtedly put the important responsibility of finding a new way of peace and development in the 21st century and happy.	According to the statement, President Zardari said that the United States doubt with the help of the international community on peace, development in the 21st century technique to find new empire and it is the responsibility of responsibility. 	According to the statement, The President Zardari said that the United States together with the international community in the 21st century, peace, development and it is important responsibility to find new paths of the empire.
On Tuesday, after taking the oath of office, President Obama had said in his inaugural speech that America wants to make a fresh start with the Muslim world based on mutual interests and mutual respect.	It should be noted that the president had said in the opening address after taking oath on Tuesday that the United States wants the new progress with the Muslim world, which is based on mutual interests and mutual respect.	It should be noted that the president on Tuesday in his opening address, after taking the oath of office said that the United States wants new progress with the Muslim world is based on the mutual interests and mutual respect. 	It should be noted that President Obama said in the opening speech after taking the oath of office on Tuesday that the United States wants new progress with the Muslim world, which is based on mutual respect and mutual interests.
He had reassured the people of poor countries that America should work with them so that there will be social progress there and poverty will be reduced.	He assured the people of poor countries was that the United States should work together with them so that there is a social development and to reduce poverty.	Brought had assured the people in poor countries that the United States will work with them so there in social development and poverty reduction. 	Brought had assured the people in poor countries that will work together with the United States so social development and poverty reduction.
President Obama Appointed a Special Representative for Pakistan and Afghanistan	The President Has Appointed a Special Representative for Afghanistan and Pakistan.	Pakistan President and was appointed special representative for Afghanistan 	President Obama has appointed a special representative for Afghanistan and Pakistan.
Richard Holbrooke. Former ambassador for the United Nations Richard Holbrooke has been appointed as a special representative for Pakistan and Afghanistan.	Richard Hall, former Hall for the United Nations, has been appointed as special for Pakistan and Afghanistan.	Richard Hall for former Hall of the United Nations Special Representative to Pakistan and Afghanistan has been appointed. 	Richard Hall The United Nations for former Hall has been appointed as special representative for Afghanistan and Pakistan.
Holbrooke had played an important role in negotiating peace treaties in Bosnia-Herzegovina.	The hall has played an important role to the peace agreement in Bosnia.	Hall the Bosnian peace agreement in like had played an important role in. 	Hall The Bosnian Gregan had played an important role in the peace agreement.
Holbrooke said that he is prepared to advise Obama about the concerns of Pakistan and Afghanistan.	Hall said that they are ready to advise the President on matters of Afghanistan and Pakistan.	Hall said that Pakistan and Afghanistan on affairs of the president of are ready for consultations. 	Hall said that they are ready for consultations with President Obama on the issues of Afghanistan and Pakistan.
He added that this will not be easy an easy task.	He said that it is not an easy task.	He that it is not an easy task. 	He that it is not an easy task.
He said that the histories of the two countries are extremely different.	He said that the history of the two countries is very different.	He said that the two countries' history is very different. 	He said that the history of the two countries is very different.
George Mitchell has been selected for the Middle East to try to breathe life into Arab-Israeli peace talks.	For the Middle East, George will try to cast John in the Arab-Israeli peace talks have been elected.	George was elected for the Middle East which is Arab Israel will try to life in the peace process. 	George macal for the Middle East has been elected Arab Israel will try to life in peace talks.
Mitchell is a former senator and played a role in establishing peace in Northern Ireland.	Former Senator, and he has played a role in to establish peace in Northern Ireland.	former senator, and he has played a role in establishing peace in Northern Ireland like. 	Former senator and he had played a role in establishing peace in Northern Ireland.
While talking in the State Department today, Mitchell said that the situation in the Middle East is very unstable, complex, and dangerous,	Today, speaking at the State Department, said that the situation of the Middle East is very complicated and unstable and dangerous.	while talking in the State Department today said that the Middle East is a very temporary, complicated and dangerous circumstances are. 	Today, while talking in the State Department said that the Middle East situation is very unstable, complicated and dangerous.
but in spite of this America will not back down from efforts to establish peace there.	But despite this, the United States will never back out from their peace efforts.	But the United States stay there will not back down with the efforts of peace. 	But in spite of this, The United States will not back down from the peace efforts there.
Afghanistan: Voter Registration in Jeopardy	Afghanistan: a Voter Registration in Danger.	Afghanistan: voter registration hazardous. 	Afghanistan: voter registration was in danger.
Afghanistan's Election Commission has said that due to safety concerns, they are delaying voter registration in some southern areas.	Afghanistan&apos;s election commission has said that he has been delay in voter registration in some areas of the South due to concerns about security.	Afghanistan's Election Commission has said that because of concern about the security in some areas of the south is delay in voter registration. 	Afghanistan's Election Commission has said that he is worried about the security of the delay in voter registration in some areas of the south.
Voter registration began this week for the upcoming presidential election in southern Afghanistan.	In southern Afghanistan, near, voter registration for the presidential election was earlier this week.	statements in southern Afghanistan near the presidential election for the voter registration was started this week. 	statements in south Afghanistan near the voter registration for the presidential election began this week.
But the Commission has said that until the security situation better improves, voters will not be able to register themselves in some areas of Helmand Province.	But the Commission has said that until the security situation will not be improved, a voter in some areas of Halmand province could not hold register themselves.	But the city Commission has said that until security situation will not be better, in some areas of Halmand province can not get themselves registered voter. 	But the commission has said that as long as the security situation will not be better Halmand province in some areas of the voter register themselves will not be able to get in.
Since last year there has been an increase in violence in these southern areas, where Taliban rebels have increased their attacks on the Afghan and international armies.	Increase in violence from last year in the areas of the South, where Taliban rebels have increased their attacks on Afghan troops and international forces are given.	In those areas of the south has been increase in violence last year, where Taliban rebels have moved their attack on Afghan forces and international forces are given. 	Last year in violence is on the rise in those areas of the south, where Taliban rebels have increased their attack on Afghan forces and international forces.
Meanwhile, the Afghan and international armies have said that on the night between Wednesday and Thursday, they killed at least 28 militants during skirmishes all over Afghanistan.	Meanwhile, the Afghan army and international forces has said that he killed at least during clashes between Wednesday and Thursday night in two lines of Afghanistan.	During this time, Afghan forces and international forces has said that he has night of Wednesday and Thursday during clashes in Afghanistan say the prolonging of the killed at least 28. 	During this time, Afghan forces and international forces has said that he has between Wednesday and Thursday night at least 28 militants killed during the clashes in Afghanistan.
NATO has said that its armies killed 22 militants in air and land attacks in the eastern Khost Province near Pakistan's border.	NATO has said that the army has killed 22 militants in and ground attacks in eastern Khost province near the Pakistan border.	Nato has said that its troops in the eastern Khost province near the border with Pakistan, The air and ground attacks in 22 militants killed. 	Nato has said that his forces have killed 22 militants in air and ground attacks in eastern Khost province near the Pakistan border.
Before this, the Afghan Ministry of Defense had said that the Afghan army killed eight rebels and wounded two in that province.	Prior to this, the Afghan defense ministry said that in this province, the Afghan army to eight rebels were killed and two injured.	Before the Afghan defense ministry said that Afghan forces in this province has killed eight rebels and injured two. 	Prior to this, the Afghan defense ministry said that Afghan forces in the province had eight rebels were killed and two injured.
It is not clear whether the Afghan officials were referring to the same incident.	It is not clear whether the Afghan officials has quoted this incident.	It is not clear whether Afghan officials have referred to the incident. 	It is not clear whether the Afghan officials The incident the reference.
Two Missile Attacks in Waziristan, At Least Eighteen People Dead	Two Missile Attacks, at Least 18 People Killed in Waziristan	Two missile attack in Waziristan, killed at least 18 people 	Two missile attack, At least 18 people killed in Waziristan
Pakistani intelligence authorities have said that at least eighteen people have been killed in North Waziristan in two suspected American missile attacks.	Pakistani intelligence officials said that at least 18 people have been killed in two alleged U.S. missile attacks in North Waziristan.	Pakistan intelligence officials in North Waziristan has said that two suspected American missile attacks At least 18 people have been killed. 	Pakistan intelligence officials in North Waziristan, has said that two suspected US missile attacks At least 18 people have been killed.
According to authorities, American drone planes fired three missiles at a home near the town of Mir Ali in North Waziristan, as a result of which ten people in the home were killed.	According to officials, without American planes, three missiles on a house near Mir Ali town of North Waziristan resulted, in which 10 people were killed in the house.	According to the officials, without US aircraft near the town of Mir Ali in North Waziristan. three missiles on a house, in which 10 people were killed in this house. 	According to the officials, who US planes, three missile on a house near the town of Mir Ali in North Waziristan, which killed 10 people in the house.
According to local authorities, those who were killed included five foreign militants.	According to local officials, those killed were five foreigners in the war.	According to local officials, the people in five foreign war which killed. 	Five foreign war in the people who were killed According to local officials.
This area is considered the foothold for Taliban and Al Qaeda militants.	This area is considered a stronghold of the Taliban and Al-Qaeda war lice.	This area of Taliban and al Qaeda fighters in is believed to be the center of the war. 	The region is believed to be the center of the fighters of Taliban and al Qaeda.
A few hours after the incident there was a missile attack on South Waziristan as well in which at least eight people were killed.	Was a missile attack on South Waziristan some&apos; after the incident, in which at least eight people were killed.	After some of these this incident was also a missile attack on South Waziristan, in which at least eight people were killed. 	Some of this incident in South Waziristan After a missile attack, in which at least eight people were killed.
In spite of the objections by the Pakistani government, there have been nearly thirty missile attacks in Pakistan since the middle of last year.	After the middle of last year despite the objections, the Pakistani government has been attacked by a missile near 30 in Pakistan now.	Pakistani Government despite the objections of Pakistan so far since the middle of last year in missile attack near 30 have been taken. 	Despite the objections of the Pakistani government in Pakistan since the middle of last year have been missile attack near 30.
The recent attacks are the first since President Barack Obama has come into office in America.	Recent attacks in the United States are the first attack after coming to power of the President.	Recent attacks in the United States President Ehud the first attack after coming to power. 	Recent attacks in the United States President Ehud Barak Obama after coming to power in the first attack.
The Bush administration had avoided either accepting or denying responsibility for the attacks.	The Bush administration had been to denying them or to claimed responsibility for the attacks.	Bush administration claimed responsibility for these attacks or to negative from them to abstain. 	The Bush administration claimed responsibility for the attacks, or to abstain from the opposite.
In Pakistan's North Waziristan tribal area on Friday, three missiles were fired by a suspected American spy plane and by which five people have been reported dead so far.	In Pakistan&apos;s tribal region of North Waziristan on Friday in a suspected American planes resulted three missiles were in which five persons have yet	Pakistan tribal area of North Waziristan minister on Friday in a suspected American in which three missile launchers from five planes have yet 	In North Waziristan tribal region of Pakistan on Friday, suspected American three missile launchers from the plane in which five have yet.
The dead have not been able to be identified.	Those killed could not be identified.	Of those killed has not been identified. 	Of those killed have not been identified.
According to initial reports these missiles were fired at a house in the vicinity of Mir Ali.	According to initial reports, the missile attack on a house in the area of Mir Ali were.	According to Initial Information, THIS MIssile Attack On a House in The area of Mir Ali WERE Taken. 	According to Initial Information, The missile Attack On a House in The area of Mir Ali.
This is the first missile attack in Pakistan's tribal area since Barack Obama became president.	Is believed that the first missile attack in Pakistan&apos;s tribal region after becoming the president of the	think that Ehud after becoming president of the first missile attack in Pakistan's tribal region 	think that Ehud after becoming president of the first missile attack in Pakistan's tribal area
North West Frontier Province: Government Rejected Demand for Ban on Girls' Education in Swat	The Frontier Province Government Has Rejected Demand of Ban on Girls&apos; Education in Swat	border, in Swat, The government rejected the demand ban on girls' education 	The NWFP government ban on girls' education in Swat rejected the demand of
North West Frontier Province authorities have rejected the threat from Taliban militants in Swat to impose a ban on girls' education, saying that this announcement is against both the law and Islam.	Frontier Province officials have threatened to impose a ban on girls&apos; education by Taliban fighters in Swat is rejected by saying that &quot;this announcement is against both the law and Islam.	border by officials in the Swat Taliban militants threatened to impose ban on girls' education rejected this by saying that 'It is against the law and the Islam both announced. 	NWFP authorities have threatened to impose a ban on girls' education by Taliban militants in Swat rejected by saying that it is against the law and both announced.
On Sunday, Sardar Hussain Babak, the North West Frontier Province's Minister of Education, went on to say that the government will never let such attempts succeed.	The Education Minister of the Frontier Province on Sunday, Sardar Hussain Babar further said that the government revive such efforts will not be successful.	Of border on Sunday, Education Minister Sardar Hussain Babar said further that the government do such efforts will not succeed. 	Education Minister of the NWFP, Sardar Hussain Babar said on Sunday that the government do such efforts will not be successful.
He said that "extremists are trying to deprive children in our area of education."	He said that the efforts of the extremists is that children in our region will be deprived of education.	Their was that the extremists are trying to say that our children deprived of education in the area. 	They said that extremists are trying to our children deprived of education in the region.
In his words, "These people secretly try to blow up schools and threaten boys and girls."	In his words: &quot;these people could blow up security schools and children are trying to.	Theft in their words: 'these people hiding schools to and children tried to operandi. 	In their words: 'these people hiding schools and operandi to children.
Acknowledging the atmosphere of fear and terror, he said that the provincial government is well aware of this and wants to make it clear that no force can stop the promotion of education in the land of the Pakhtoons.	While mentioning the atmosphere of fear and uneasiness, he said that the provincial government wants to be catastrophic, well aware that any power could not stop the promotion of education from the soil of Pakhtoons.	While mentioning the atmosphere of fear and panic, brought said that the provincial government is fully aware of this and make it clear with the land of Pukhtoons wants is that no power can not to stop the development of education. 	While mentioning the atmosphere of fear and panic, the provincial government said that this is well and make it clear is that no power The remaining land could not stop the development of education.
One day earlier, under the leadership of Maulana Fazlullah, Taliban militants demanded that a ban be placed on girls' education in Swat's educational institutions starting January 15 and threatened that educational institutions that fail to comply will be destroyed.	One day earlier, under the leadership of Maulana Fazal God, Taliban fighters had demanded to assess the ban on girls&apos; education in educational institutions of Swat and threatened that institutions to violation will be destroyed.	One day before the Taliban militants have vacated under leadership of Maulana Fazal educational institutions to Swat, demanded Banning on education of girls in the violation and threatened that the educational institutions to be destroyed. 	A day earlier, Maulana Fazal under leadership of Taliban militants have demanded a ban on girls' education in the educational institutions of Swat from January 15 and threatened to break that the educational institutions will be destroyed.
In spite of continued army activity in Swat, during the past one and a half years militants have destroyed about 150 educational institutions using explosive materials and arson.	During the last 15 years despite the ongoing military action in Swat educational institutions around the militants destroyed explosives area.	Swat despite the military operation in 150 approximately educational institutions during the past half year explosives by militants from setting up destroyed. 	Swat despite the military operation in the educational institutions during the past half year of 150 militants exploded the explosive material from setting destroyed.
As a result of destroying these educational institutions, girls and boys numbering in the thousands have been deprived of any access to education.	As a result of the educational institutions to be destroyed, thousands of girls and boys have been deprived of education facility.	to educational institutions in the wake of thousands of girls and boys have been deprived of the feasibility of education. 	educational institutions to be destroyed as a result of thousands of girls and boys in education in the facility.
Strict Security Arrangements On Republic Day in India	Strict Security Measures on Occasion of Republic Day in India	In India the strict security measures on the occasion of Republic Day 	Strict security measures on the occasion of the anniversary of the republic in India
On Monday the sixtieth Republic Day is being celebrated in India. On this occasion, extremely strict arrangements for security and thousands of soldiers have been posted all over the country.	Sixtieth Republic Day is being celebrated on Monday in India, thousands of soldiers have been posted in every occasion, strict security measures and the country.	60th Republic Day being celebrated on Monday in India every occasion, It is very tough security arrangements and thousands of soldiers have been deployed all over the country. 	India on Monday in the 60th anniversary of the republic is being observed, very tough of all security measures and thousands of troops have been deployed in the country.
During the Republic Day military parade in the capital New Delhi, weapons, planes and other military equipment is exhibited.	The occasion of the Republic Day is the exhibition of weapons, aircraft, and other military equipment during a military parade in New Delhi.	During the Republic Day parade in New Delhi military weapons, aircraft and other military equipments during the goods of the exhibition. 	Republic Day on the occasion of exhibition of weapons during the military parade in New Delhi, aircraft and other military equipments.
Authorities say that according to security arrangements, anti-aircraft guns and "sharp shooters" have been posted and the police are keeping a close eye on the parade route. American President Barack Obama has congratulated India on this occasion	Officials say that under the security arrangements, anti aircraft battery, &quot;&quot; also have been appointed, and keeping a link on the routes of the parade, the American president congratulated India on this occasion.	Officials said that security arrangements under the aircraft tested canons and "sharp also have been deployed on the parade routes and police strict vigil while the US President Ehud has extended congratulations on this occasion to India 	Officials say that security arrangements under the anti aircraft battery and sharp, and police have been deployed on the parade routes, The American President Ehud Barak Obama has extended congratulations on this occasion to India
and also sent a message wishing a speedy recovery to Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, who had a heart operation on Saturday.	Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, who had a heart operation on Saturday, the message of the desire of the quick recovery.	of which Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Saturday to a heart operation early recovery desire of the message. 	, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Saturday was a heart operation as soon as the message of the recovery of.
Yesterday Indian police claimed to have killed two suspected Pakistani militants after a fight on the outskirts of New Delhi.	The idea is that yesterday the Indian police had claimed to kill two suspected Pakistani militants after fighting on the outskirts of New Delhi.	think that Indian police yesterday two suspected Pakistani militants after fighting in the outskirts of New Delhi claimed to have killed. 	think that yesterday after two suspected Pakistani militants fighting in the outskirts of New Delhi, The Indian police claimed to have killed.
According to local authorities, the police have recovered AK-47 rifles, grenades, and some documents from these two individuals which indicate that they are Pakistanis.	According to local officials, the police have also recovered AK 47 rifles, a grenade and some papers from these two people who do this obvious that both are Pakistani.	According to local authorities, the police from these two AK 47 grenades and some documents are recovered. this show that both the Pakistani. 	According to local officials, the police from both of these people AK the grenades and some documents have been recovered, which show that both Pakistani.
Police are also investigating whether the two may be linked to the dissolved Pakistani organization Lashkar-e-Tayaba which was involved in the Mumbai attacks last November.	The police investigation is that both what is concerned with the outlawed organization Lashkar-e-Pakistan, which was involved in the Mumbai attacks in November last year.	Police investigation It is also that the two belong to Pakistan at the army banned organization to Mujahideen who was involved in the Mumbai attacks in November last year. 	Police are also investigating whether they belong to the banned organization of Pakistan army, which was involved in the Mumbai attacks in November last year.
Tea: An Effective Treatment for Breast Cancer	Tea: Effective Treatment of Breast Cancer.	Tea: effective treatment of breast cancer 	Tea: effective treatment of breast cancer
New research has found that drinking three cups of tea daily	In a new research, it has been said that three cup of tea daily	A new research has been told that three cup of tea in daily 	A new research said that three cup of tea daily
decreases the risk of breast cancer in women under 50 years of age by more than a third.	The risk of breast cancer is less than a third in less than 50 years old women from drinking.	Under 50 years from drinking age risk of breast cancer in women is little more than a third. 	Drinking less than 50 years old, more than a third of the risk of breast cancer in women.
This research conducted in the American state of Florida's Moffitt Cancer Center has found that for women less than 50 years of age, the risk of breast cancer tumors	In the American state of Florida cancer center in this research, it has been said that less than 50 years of age in such women breast cancer tumor	US state of Florida cancer Center in the research said that in less than 50 years of age of such women in breast cancer tumor 	The US state of Florida cancer Center in the research, said that 50 years of age of breast cancer in women's tumor
is decreased by up to 37 percent in those who drink at least three cups of tea daily.	In at least three cup of tea is to be reduced to 37 percent.	The danger of 37 percent reduction in circumstances least three cup of tea. 	In danger of 37 percent goes to at least three cup of tea.
Research has also found that drinking three or more cups of tea daily does not hold any particular benefit in this respect for elderly women.	In research, it was also revealed that a large group of women from three or more cup of tea daily drinking is not a particular advantage in this regard.	Research has also said that the women to large age three or more this cup of tea daily from drinking not have any advantage in this regard. 	Research was also told that the aged women for three or more cup of tea daily. There is no particular interest in this regard.
Experts think that the reason for this is the presence in tea of some ingredients that are more effective against those particular cancerous tumors that most commonly occur in women under fifty years of age.	Experts believe that because of this type of tea in the presence of such factor is that these particular types of cancer are more effective against becomes less than 50 years old women generally.	Experts say that this is due to the presence of such components in tea is Which of these special kind of cancer are more effective against the target of which commonly become old women are less than 50 years. 	Experts believe that this is due to the presence of the components in tea, which is special kind of cancer are more and more effective against the target of General women under the age of 50.
In Florida state's Moffitt Cancer Center in the city of Tampa, this research was conducted on more than 5,000 women who had been treated for breast cancer.	Cancer center set up in the city of Florida state was the research on more than 5,000 women who had got the treatment of breast cancer.	city of Florida State in the cancer Center in more than five thousand women on the WHO research was the treatment of breast cancer. 	Florida State in the city of Tampa in cancer Center in research on more than five thousand women who had been breast cancer treatment.
Their ages were between 20 and 74 years.	They were between 20 and 74 years.	15 of them were between the ages of 20 and 74. 	They were between 20 and 74 years of age.
Experts compared their medical records and lifestyles to women who did not have breast cancer.	The experts were safe from the breast cancer by such women compare their medical records and career.	Experts of their medical records and life style compare from such women who were safe from breast cancer. 	Experts compare his medical records and life style women with breast cancer were safe.
Experts also found that on a special type of cancer, lobular, tea had a significant effect, causing as much as 66 percent decrease.	The experts, it has also found that a particular type of cancer, has prominently, tea and this decreases by 66 percent.	Experts also found out that a special type of cancer, tea on on the words, and this drop was located in a 66 percent. 	Experts also found that a special kind of cancer,, the tea at the And 66 percent reduction.
Almost one in ten breast cancer patients has this type.	Breast cancer almost every tenth patient is suffering from this kind.	Almost every tenth of breast cancer patient is suffering in this type. 	Breast cancer patients every tenth of this kind.
This type of cancer is more dangerous because it is deep and is commonly discovered after it has already spread a lot.	This type of cancer is more dangerous because he is in depth, and it is not known at this time, usually when he has enough spread.	For this kind of cancer in depth is more dangerous because he is and it's usually enough at this time is then found when he has spread testing. 	For this type of cancer is more dangerous because he is In depth and usually is shown at this time when it has spread.
Experts say that by regularly drinking at least three cups of tea everyday the risk of breast cancer can be lowered significantly in young women.	Experts say that regularly daily minimum 3 cup of tea minimum drinking age can reduce the risk of breast cancer in women as outstanding	professionals are saying that an daily minimum three cup of tea drinking regularly aged under a risk of breast cancer in women less can 	Experts that regularly daily at least three cup of tea drinking age can reduce the risk of breast cancer in women,
They say that including tea as an everyday drink in your everyday routine creates adequate immunity in the body against cancer.	They say that tea to be included in their daily routines as a daily beverage will create appropriate against cancer in the body.	He says that the drink the tea on a daily unequivocally in body to meet their businesses create appropriate against cancer. 	said that tea drink of a daily in their daily routines to include the appropriate against cancer in the body from the Created.
In Britain every year almost 40,000 women are diagnosed with breast cancer.	Every year, about 40 thousand women in Britain is the assessment of the breast cancer.	About 40 thousand every year in Britain is diagnosis of breast cancer in women. 	In Britain every year and about 40 thousand the diagnosis of breast cancer in women.
War in Afghanistan Is the Biggest Military Challenge Facing America: Gates	The War in Afghanistan Is Biggest Military Challenge Facing United States.	War in Afghanistan is the biggest military challenge faced by the United States: 	The war in Afghanistan, The United States is the biggest military challenge:
American Secretary of Defense Robert Gates has said that the war in Afghanistan is the biggest military challenge facing America.	American defense minister Robert has said that the war in Afghanistan is the biggest military challenge facing the United States.	US Defense Minister Robert has said that the war in Afghanistan is the biggest military challenge faced by the United States. 	US Defense Minister Robert has said that the war in Afghanistan is the biggest military challenge faced by the United States.
Today Gates was briefing the American Senate and members of the House of Representatives on the strategy of the Obama Administration regarding the war in Afghanistan and Iraq.	Today, members of the US Senate and House of Representatives was giving a briefing about the strategy of the administration on the war in Afghanistan and Iraq.	today the US Senate and representatives to the members of the wisdom of the administration war on Afghanistan and Iraq were briefed about the practical. 	Today the US Senate and the war on Afghanistan and Iraq to members of the representatives briefing about the administration's strategy.
Gates told the Senate's Armed Services Committee that war alone is not the solution to the problem of Afghanistan, but he went on to say that there are not enough soldiers present to make many areas safe, a situation which the Taliban takes advantage and exploits.	Told the Senate Armed Services Committee that only, war is not a solution to the problem of Afghanistan, but he added that troops are not available in sufficient numbers to make many areas safe, they take advantage of which the Taliban action.	of the Senate Armed Services Committee, said that the only solution to the problem of the Afghanistan war but not brought further said that many areas to make safe enough for the benefit of number of soldiers are not present, gaze Taliban action. 	told the Senate Armed Services Committee that the war is not the solution of the issue of Afghanistan, but brought further said that a number of areas to secure a sufficient number of forces are not present, for the benefit of the gaze of the Taliban.
Why a Decrease in Exercise with Age?	Reduction in Exercise with Age, Why?	Why? a reduction in the exercise with age 	A reduction in the exercise with the age of why?
New Research	New Research	New research 	New research
Exercise is good for the health at every age.	Exercise is good for Health in every age.	Exercise in every age is good for health. 	Exercise in every age is good for health.
It makes your heart stronger, lowers cholesterol levels, helps in keeping weight low, helps prevent diabetes, and slows down the progress of Alzheimer's or senility.	It is used to help your heart form strong, to stop the decline in the level of cholesterol regard, less weight Assistant is proved, diabetes and silence does slow.	It strong heart to you is continuously, a reduction in the level of cholesterol, less weight in it is proved, assistant helps prevent diabetes by and do to slow the process of silence. 	This strong to the heart of the decrease in the level of cholesterol in less weight, to a beginning, help to stop diabetes and obliviousness to slow the process of.
Unfortunately, in many people the ability to exercise decreases as age increases.	Unfortunately, many people is the reduction in the ability to exercise with the increase in age.	Unfortunately many people from Omar to move in with reduction in the ability to exercise is rampant. 	Unfortunately, a lot of people in the age of the ability to exercise with the decrease in the.
Experts say that exercise keeps our body and mind alert, although age can have an effect on this.	Experts say that exercise can affect our body and mind, accurate, but this age.	Experts say that the exercise of our body and mind alert but can Influence ON This AGE. 	Experts said that the exercise of our body and mind sharp, However, CAN Influence ON This.
The American Medical Association says that not exercising can lead to several health problems.	The American Medical Association say that exercise not to be presented to many health problems.	Of American Medical Association that exercise not to come forward many health problems. 	Of the American Medical Association that exercise not many health problems to come.
Dr. Patricia Pellikka of the Mayo Clinic in Minnesota says that increased age is a big reason behind an inability to exercise and a decrease in the body's performance.	@ clinic, Dr. pay of cudgel says an increase in age is a major cause of lack of exercise and physical performance.	Mayo Clinic Dr. payment of money cudgel says that increase in age from disability and physical exercise is due to a decrease in a big performance. 	Mayo Clinic mini cudgel of Dr. payroll Lika says that the increase in the age of disability and physical performance of the exercise is a big reason.
Doctor Patricia teaches medicine at the Mayo Clinic.	Dr. teaches medicine in a clinic.	Dr. Mayo Clinic medicine are starving. 	Dr. Mayo Clinic medicine are starving.
She headed a study about heart disease and the ability of humans to exercise in old age.	He has made a large age in connection with the ability to exercise of heart diseases and human being of the leadership of a study.	He has big heart diseases in old and the ability to exercise of human being taken by the leadership of the one of the Studies. 	He aged heart diseases and the leadership of a study about the ability of the exercise.
A team of doctors used high frequency sound waves to examine the performance of the heart	The team of doctors did use high Ahmad of voice to review the performance of the heart.	The team of doctors had heart voice to review the performance of the high waves use. 	The performance of the team of doctors to review the voice of the high waves use.
in which the heart's pumping of blood, its phases of contraction and relaxation, was observed.	In which the heart to pump blood, the process of its closeness to the rest of the study.	In which the heart pumps blood, the closeness to the rest of was a study. 	In which the shrinkage of the heart to pump blood, study of the rest.
Experts have focused their attention on the left side of the heart, the side which pumps the blood.	The experts will concentrate their attention on the left side of the heart, which is a central part to pump blood.	Experts have kept the focus their attention on the Left Part of heart to pump blood which is a central part of. 	Experts have to focus on the Left Part of the heart, which is a central part of the pump.
They found that an increase in age is accompanied by an increase in problems in the relaxation phase of the heart.	They found that age is increased with the rest of the heart to increase Editorial in the process.	They came to know that age to move with the rest of the heart is increase disorders in the process. 	They came to know that the increase in the age of the heart disorders in the rest of the increase.
Dr. Patricia says that with increased age the problems in the relaxation phase of the heart become prominent and their effect on the ability to exercise gets worse.	Dr. says with the rest of the heart defects in the process becomes outstanding, and its impact on the ability to exercise with the increase in age is growing.	Dr. says that in the process of the heart with rest of becomes obvious abuses and age with the increase in its effect on the ability to exercise is widening. 	Dr. Patricia says that along with the increase in the age of abuses in the process, and the rest with the ability to exercise its Influence OVER IT.
Dr. Garvan Kane was a part of this study.	Dr. keen were included in the study.	Dr. Ken were included in the study. 	Dr. cans were included in the study.
He says that "we were surprised to see that this thing has a compulsory effect, which explained how much a poor performance in exercise can be related to the relaxation phase of the heart."	They say that we see was that this thing is compulsory and effective and it was clarified that the bad performance of exercise can be much concerned with the process of the rest of the heart.	They say that we see this that is essentially effect of this and it was clarified that the exercise of the bad performance of heart from the process of the comfort of how is concerned. 	They say that we see this that is essentially the impact of this thing and it clarified that the exercise in the heart of the performance of the rest of the process of how much is concerned.
Many times blood pressure can become a cause for problems in the functioning of the heart and heart diseases.	Sometimes, the blood pressure is causing diseases of the Editorial in the process of heart.	Sometimes in blood pressure, heart disorders can become a cause of diseases. 	Sometimes blood pressure and heart ills in the process of can cause of diseases.
If doctor and patient work together to deal with heart problems, they can still benefit from exercise in spite of increasing age.	If patients and doctors should work together with regard to the evil effects of the heart, despite the increased age, they can also get the benefits of exercise.	If doctors and patients of heart disorders, they will work together with the growing old, can still get the benefits of exercise. 	If doctors and patients about the ills Of The Heart should work together, they can get the benefits of exercise in spite of the increase.
A detailed report about this has been published in the Journal of the American Medical Association.	In this regard, the report has been published in the magazine of the American Medical Association.	Detailed report about the American Medical Association has been published in the magazine. 	A detailed report in this regard, The American Medical Association has been published in the magazine.
No Possibility of Immediate War with Pakistan: Indian Army Chief	No Possibility of Immediate War with Pakistan: Indian Army Chief	Not the possibility of immediate war with Pakistan: Indian army chief 	No possibility of an immediate war with Pakistan: Indian army chief
Indian Army Chief General Deepak Kapoor says that there are no possibilities of immediate war with Pakistan; however, to defend the country and ensure the protection of its interests, we are always ready to make sacrifices.	Indian bad says that the possibility of immediate war with Pakistan is ready to present, but all the time for giving sacrifices to defend the country and to ensure the protection of the interests of the army chief General burner camphor.	Indian army chief General Dipak released Kapoor said that Pakistan is not present the possibilities of the war immediately, but to defend the country and to ensure the protection of the interests of her to the sacrifices for all are ready. 	Indian army chief General Dipak Kapoor says that the war with Pakistan is not likely, However, to the defense of the country and to ensure the protection of the interests of the sacrifices to all the time.
General Kapoor made the accusation that in spite of international pressure on Pakistan as a result of assurances and the Mumbai attacks - in his words - not only does the specter of terrorism remain intact in the land of Pakistan, it is active.	General camphor has alleged that assurances and active in the Mumbai attacks, despite international pressure on Pakistan, in his words, not only is there as well, but the structure of terrorism on Pakistani soil.	General Kapoor has alleged that assurances and in the Mumbai attacks despite the international pressure on Pakistan, In their words, not only the structure of terrorism on the land of Pakistan as the present situation but it is active. 	General Kapoor, alleged that the assurances and Mumbai attacks despite the international pressure on Pakistan, In the words of the structure of terrorism on the land of Pakistan, not only as the situation there is active.
He made this remark in Sri Nagar while speaking with reporters.	He said this while talking to reporters in Srinagar.	Brought said this in talking to reporters in Srinagar. 	The talking to reporters in Srinagar.
The Indian Army Chief was on a one-day tour of the Valley of Kashmir to examine Kashmir's overall defensive situation, which is under management by New Delhi and the readiness of armed forces on the borders.	The head of the Indian land army was on a one-day visit to Kashmir valley of New Delhi to review the overall security situation and preparation of the armed forces on the borders of Kashmir.	Indian army acquitted of Kashmir under New Delhi, head of the overall security circumstances are on borders and to review of the preparation for the armed forces Kashmir was on one day visit. 	Head of the Indian army in Kashmir under the New Delhi to review the security situation and preparation of the armed forces on the borders of the total aid on a fast visit of Kashmir.
He was questioned whether he has any comment about how, according to media reports, Pakistan has rejected the evidence presented from India regarding the Mumbai attacks.	The question was asked that According to media reports about the Mumbai attacks, Pakistan has rejected the evidence presented by India, and it is the comment about them.	them to question was asked that media reports about the Mumbai attacks in Pakistan has offered by India has rejected the silent, this is about the comment. 	was asked a question that, According to media reports about the Mumbai attacks in Pakistan has rejected the silent presented by the Indian side, about their comment.
General Kapoor said that decisions regarding matters of war and peace are made by the political leadership.	General camphor said that the decision of the issues of war and peace to be political leadership.	General Kapoor said that the decision of war or peace issues is the political leadership. 	General Kapoor said that the decision of war or peace issues the political leadership.
Allegedly mentioning the specter of terrorism being present in the land of Pakistan, he said that the Indian Army will be competing against those elements that are determined to upset peace and weaken India.	Allegedly, while mentioning the presence of the infrastructure of terrorism on Pakistani soil, he said that the Indian Army will be competing with the elements to destroy the peace dirham and were down on India to be weak.	Alleged Pakistan dismantle the Infrastructure OF terrorism on The land of While Mentioning, Brought to The Presence Of Such Elements of The INDIAN army said that THE Competition will be With the Who to Peace Upside AND ON Weak TO INDIA. 	On Pakistan's soil while Referring to the presence of The Infrastructure OF Terrorism, They have said that peace Will Be faced with Such Elements OF the Indian Army Upside Down and Weak TO India on.
He said that in Indian Kashmir there are up to seven to eight hundred militants, of which approximately fifty percent are foreigners.	He said that on the soil of Indian Kashmir, militant to seven to eight hundred have to about 50 percent are foreign.	Brought on the soil of Kashmir said that Indian seven to eight hundred militants there are about 50 percent in foreign. 	Brought on the land of Indian Kashmir said that seven to eight hundred militants are in about 50 percent of the foreign.
General Deepak Kapoor said that only with an improvement in weather can infiltration efforts can be increased by Pakistan and the part of Kashmir under its control; however, India has increased vigilance on the borders.	General burner camphor said that along with the improvement in the weather in the efforts of infiltration from Pakistan and Pakistan-administered Kashmir, there may be, however, India has increased vigilance at the borders.	General Dipak Kapoor said that with the improvement in the weather of infiltration from Pakistan and Kashmir under her efforts in the may be vigilance on borders, However, India has increased. 	General Dipak Kapoor said that with the improvement in the weather in the efforts of infiltration from Pakistan and Kashmir under the May, However, India has increased vigilance on the borders.
He rejected the possibility of reducing the number of armed forces stationed in Indian-controlled Kashmir, saying that the country's safety cannot be compromised.	He said the possibility of reducing the number of troops deployed in Indian-administered Kashmir were overlooked that no compromise can be made with the security of the country.	Brought The Indian Kashmir under the reduction in the number of forces stationed in responded by saying that the possibility can not be agreement with the security of the country. 	The Indian Kashmir under the possibility of the reduction in the number of forces stationed in rejected by saying that there can be no agreement with the security of the country.
May Allah bless what the world is saying and may Barack prove to be a blessing for the world.	May God congratulated the language of the world and are to be congratulated for the world.	God and the language of for the be, 	God the language of and for be,
Although there is no hope, but still, let's see to what extent Pakistan and America's relations turn in our favor as a result of this change.	Though hoped, how much this change in the relations between Pakistan and America is not then are also change direction are in our favor.	Though is not the also see again, and the United States in this changes to how extent are in our right 	Although is not see and the United States leads to a great extent this change of in our favor.
What reality would Barack, who is a reality of Martin Luther King's dream, give to the world.	That Mr. Martin King who are the dreams of the world...	That which Martin interpretation of dreams are what interpretation. 	That Mr. Barak, who is the dream of Martin Luther Keng to interpretation.
As Obama, whose name also has Hussein as part of it, takes oath as the president of America today, it is in all ways not only an event of historical significance, but also a hard test of history,	Part of the name is also Hussein, bear the oath as president today where in every way, as is is also a bitter test at	reportedly part of the name of Hussein, us today to take oath as the president of history where there is As in every respect historical another tough test is also 	Reportedly part of the name of Hussein, today, as the US president to take oath where all historical as history. another test.
not just for his own race, but for all those people who gave their full support.	Not only their own hands, but all those people who have a heart attack.	Not only his secure secure himself but all these people who support the heart. 	Not only his personal secure, but for all the people who have heart to support.
This will also be a test for the white majority, for which taking a black as their president would not be easy to accept.	It will be held, the majority for him to the heart of his government, a color is not an easy task.	This will be also The majority of a black for his heart to these defections to not easy to accept. 	This will be Majority also is not easy to accept these defections to the heart of a black for him.
Those people here in South Asia, especially Muslims who have attached hopes to him, should remember that he is the president of America, and Obama should remember that America's president is practically the president of the whole world.	To that, he was elected President of America. and to keep South Asia are set, the young President that America is the president of practical.	Here South Asia should keep raised hopes, remember from soldiers that he was elected President of the United States and should keep to remember that the US president is the president of the as practical. 	South Asia here have raised hopes to young should remember that he has been elected President of the United States and should remember that the president of the United States in a practical manner President.
Today, a few moments from now, a representative whose racial brethren were brought in shackles from their native lands to America, who strengthened the roots of modern day's most powerful land with their hard work, who suffered racial biases, will become America's 44th president.	Now, after some brothers closed slavery as a racial such person at his own mother country were brought from America and remove the blood of the most powerful state in today is a victim of racial discrimination, a representative of the nation, the President of America.	After some time from now on as a person, whose ethnic brother slavery closed wearing their alma reportedly blood and the United States were brought home the term of modern today is the most powerful state of this nation victim of racial discrimination, representative of the United States Togare president will 	Now a little after a person who's racial, the brother of slavery wearing their alma were brought to the United States from the country and reportedly blood the term of the new state of the world, to today is the victim of racial discrimination, the representative of the nation will be Togare President of the United States.
Many people have a lot of expectations from this one person.	From this one, many people will involve many expectations.	This one person to a lot of the people have been linked, many expectations 	This one have been many expectations of the people,
His supporters have an obligation to not attach unrealistic expectations to this man.	Those who love it is necessary that this person should not force.	Her lover on those it is that this person not realistic hopes around. 	Her lover on those who it is that this person realistic hopes Not to establish.
If Obama succeeds in somehow bringing down hatred based on race and religion and other such factors, it would be a victory of his supporters.	If successful to reduce as a hate. On race, religion in the world, it will be for those who love it.	If hatred spreading like race, religion basis in the world to become successful in to ease, It will win the eradication. 	If like race, religion in the world on the basis of spreading hatred to the success in, it will be the victory of the eradication.
How would this change affect South Asia and, in this regard, can some meaningful change be expected in the American policy?	This will change filled in Asia and a meaningful change in this policy could be expected.	filled with South Asia this change will happening of meaningful change in American policy in this regard can be expected. 	This change from South Asia filled will happening meaningful change in American policy in this regard can be expected.
How would this change affect the relations between Pakistan and America?	On relations between Pakistan and the United States, this change will be.	Pakistan and the United States will this change HOW Influence ON Relations. 	On relations between Pakistan and the United States will affect how this change.
(BBC)	(Bibi)	'(BBC) 	'BBC
My dear, be it Obama or anyone else, it is the influential, strong, and the billionaire Jewish lobby that decides the kind of direction that the whole world's policy and relations would take.	And Mr. man, or someone, contested for the entire world and relations of their, trillion bo, influential, strong and capable of influence is not only lobby.	tons, or any and, concerning the policy, to determine the nature of relations and 118.2 achieve billionaires, Influential, Strong AND Influence of The jewish Lobby is THE top priority. 	Tons, or any, estimation of the policy and to determine the nature of relations, billion, Bo, strong, Influential AND Influence of The jewish Lobby.
And as far as Pakistan is concerned, the whole world can see the offensive attitude of India, Israel, and America's triangle about the recent Mumbai blasts.	And as far as Pakistan is concerned, in the wake of the Mumbai blasts, India, Israel and America signed the triangle in front of the whole world.	And as far as Pakistan is concerned, recent India, Israel and the United States in connection with the Mumbai blasts triangle of aggressive attitude before the world. 	And as far as Pakistan is concerned, recently in connection with the Mumbai blasts, India, Israel, The United States and the triangle of aggressive attitude in front of the whole world.
Local Taliban continues to target educational institutes in Pakistan's North West Frontier province.	All the arrangements of Swat until long after becoming Pakistan was the responsibility of the Swat which was a regular army and the law.	Pakistan after becoming also arranged long Suwat, all of which was responsible for the Swat regular army and law. 	Pakistan for quite a while After Swat controlled all of the responsibility of the Swat a regular army and law.
Highest number of schools have been destroyed in Swat District, of which the majority were girls' schools.	He has handed over to Swat arranged government under an agreement.	He has an agreement under the arrangement of Swat handed over to the government sins, 	He handed the sins of Swat under an agreement of the government.
Not just this, Taliban has also announced a ban on the education of girls in Swat.	But unfortunately, that our governments have treated as mother with the Swat.	But regret that our governments with Swat treated like mother. 	But regret that our governments with the Swat treated like mother.
Thousands of male and female students are being deprived of education.	In Swat, after the end of the government of Swat, was not just any increase in the number of schools	Swat the Swat in government after the end of the number of schools increase was not just in 	No increase in the number of schools after the end of the government of the Swat in Swat
What do you think the Taliban are trying to achieve by stopping girls from getting educated?	Nor there was buying interest in and development.	And there was interest in the construction and development. 	And there's interest in construction and development.
Why has the government been unsuccessful in putting an end to these lawless acts?	In the present era, education who would get to reduce their number several times from the previous era.	In the present time number of girls education was the former era to several times. 	At present, The number of those girls who were the education several times in the past.
What, in your opinion, should the government do?	Educational institutions by local Taliban in the North West Frontier Province of Pakistan is continuing to make the target.	Local Taliban in Pakistan's North West Frontier Province by the educational institutions is continuing to set a target. 	Pakistan's North West Frontier Province, the local educational institutions by the Taliban to set the target is continuing.
For a long time after Pakistan came into being, the responsibility for Swat remained in the hands of the Guardian of Swat, who had his own army and law.	Most schools have been destroyed in Swat district, most of them are girls.	Most of the school have been destroyed in Swat district in which most of the girls. 	Most of the school have been destroyed in Swat district, in which most of the girls.
He handed over the administration of Swat to the Pakistani government according to an agreement.	So, not only the Taliban has also announced the ban on girls&apos; education in Swat.	So not only on the education of girls in the Swat Taliban ban has been announced. 	Not just the Taliban ban on girls' education in Swat has been announced.
But sadly, our government treated Swat like a step mother.	Thousands of students are deprived from getting education.	Thousands of students and education are deprived of the acquisition of. 	Thousands of students and are deprived of education.
After the rule of the Guardian of Swat ended, there was no increase in the number of schools at all.	Do you think that the girls ended the Taliban want to get what.	What you think is that girls want to finish the links of the Taliban to get. 	What do you think that the girls want to get out of links to the Taliban.
And nobody took interest in the development and progress of the area.	Why is the government still failed to stop these illegal actions.	So far their government was unable to stop illegal measures. 	Why the government failed to stop illegal measures until now.
The number of girls acquiring education today is far less than those who went to school in that period.	What do you think the government should do.	What do you think the government should. 	You think the government should do.
The question should be, what would ISI and the Pakistani agencies get?	The question was that it should be a I. and Pakistan have.	The question should be that the ISI and what will get. 	The question should be that the ISI and the Pakistani will get.
Because, the people of Swat now understand the game, which is that the army is there to serve the Taliban and not to hurt them. Otherwise, how could five schools be blown up in one night during a curfew, or how could people be slaughtered and hung at the main square of the city while the curfew was still on?	Because the people of Swat, now it has come to understand that the army is killing him not to serve the Taliban there can be only one night in five school, otherwise, people can be slaughtered by the main square of the city.	Because the Swat people now understand this game is imperative that serve the Taliban army there is for them to kill the otherwise not only one night curfew in five school How can curfew slaughtered to people in the city's main Chowk in how can be. 	Because the people of Swat this game has come to understand that the army is not to kill them for the service of the Taliban, otherwise the curfew in the same night five school How can be slaughtered to people in the curfew in the city's main square.
If the government is not being allowed to establish its rule in Swat, then how can the government succeed in putting an end to these activities that are against the law?	In Swat, when any government, said that the government would not set up a writ. to stop these illegal measures are successful?	Swat when I set up the writ of government not being given the, such government in steps to stop illegal in how successful it? 	Swat when the writ of the government not being given to stop illegal steps in the government, how successful?
Now the question is raised that when the government has an army, modern and powerful weapons, modern technology and spying system etc., then why can these four Taliban not be controlled?	Now that this question was recovered, when armed forces, weapons, modern and everything spying system is with the government, it should not be four Taliban control?	Now the question that when armed forces had recovered, modern, modern technology and spying weapons system and others all the government, has four Taliban control. why not? 	Now the question that has been the armed forces, The latest arms, modern technology and reconnaissance system, all of the government, The four Taliban control, why not?
The answer to this is that they have the protection of some "secret benefactor," which enables them to neither run out of weapons nor get caught.	If the answer is that someone on his head, in secret, the hand is that neither is end their weapons and not it are caught.	answer is that any On the head of these 'secret' Monday that neither of them is the hand of weapons is ended and caught it. 	Whoever is that on the head of a 'secret' hand Monday that these weapons, and is not only are arrested.
The essence of the whole discussion is that the Taliban, because of their own misdeeds, are making the work of the "imperialists of the world" easy.	Our work is that the work of Taliban, their Kale, international colonialism, it is easy	Kalam that it's his black Taliban get through 'world colonialism, are easy task 	sum that the Taliban black through the work of the world colonialism, are easy.
Fifteen years ago, war was on in Afghanistan.	Now, 15 years ago, the war in Afghanistan was issued	Now continue war in Afghanistan to 15 years ago. 	Fifteen years ago was the war in Afghanistan
ISI was controlling the Taliban, while in opposition were the Northern Alliance, who were being helped by Russia, India, and Iran.	There was a was controlled by the Taliban and the northern alliance with the help which was to help Russia, India and Iran.	ISI was the Taliban control, While help opposite Northern Alliance which was to help Russia, India and Iran. 	ISI was to control the Taliban and the opposition Northern Alliance was to help Russia, India and Iran.
Then suddenly the situation changed and the Taliban's bad behavior was exposed.	Then suddenly changing circumstances, achievement of Taliban coming.	Then suddenly changed the situation of Taliban started coming before Operation 	Then all of a sudden, the situation change before the achievement of Taliban
And ISI also got an offer of dollars from America, which changed the old friends into enemies.	A and I have taken a former friend enemy so have also offered of dollars from the car.	And ISI to abundance from America's offer came so former friend will become enemies. 	And ISI to America to offer of abundance so the former friend will become the enemy.
Now the situation is that the war is still on but the countries providing aid in Pakistan are the same - Iran, India, and Russia.	Now this situation is that the war is still continuing, but also to help in Iran, India and Russia are the	Now, The situation is that war is still continuing, but also those who help in Iran, India and Russia 	Now the situation is that the war is still going on, but to help Iran, India and Russia.
This is the third week of the Israeli raids on Gaza, and the death toll has reach almost a thousand.	As long as human beings would not create the feeling and that right and wrong, what is there to live only to human mistake.	As long as human beings and not have created this feeling that what is right and wrong is only human mistake by then. 	As long as human beings in this sense, and that what is right and wrong, still is a human mistake.
Despite international diplomatic efforts, there hasn't been a ceasefire yet.	For example, when a thief for stealing, is, if it appears that this idea at this time, is not a good thing to theft and robbery is a curse, it is also correct and he is &quot;from God, he will not stolen human	As an example of when a thief Stealing is to come if this at the time to think that, not good to theft and theft is a curse, and he is also from God punishment in this will not stolen Human 	, for example, when a thief on theft to it if it is at this time to think, not a good thing to theft and theft is a menace, the punishment from God and is be ', they will not stealing human beings
And according to one estimate, after these attacks, which started on the 27 of December, 90 thousand Palestinians have left their homes to move to safer areas.	Similarly, as long as Israel is not feeling that to be wrong, and I am the blood and it would get the sentence until then, he will be played holy with blood in Gaza.	Similar to when Israel should not be the feeling that I am I wrong and bloodshed of and this will get the punishment till then in Gaza they will be playing with the blood of the holy. 	Similarly, until Israel not to be that I was wrong and of bloodshed and I am the punishment will get in Gaza holy will be playing with the blood.
Aid agencies have accused Israel of ignoring the issue of the safety of Palestinian children, saying that it is making a whole generation of children suffer from grave psychological and emotional problems.	Etiquette!	Etiquette! 	Etiquette!
What do you say?	The question is that war, armed, terrorism is the solution of the problems?	The question that war, armed movement, terrorism is to solve the problems? 	The question that war, armed movement, terrorism is the solution of the problems?
What should be done?	If not, then he, which is taken to the problems?	If not, then he which chemist who is taking toward the solution of problems? 	If not, then he chemistry, which is to solve the problems?
How is stable peace possible in Gaza?	It correct that war, fanatic way does not solve problems but more, Barkat, is in them.	It correct that war does not solve problems but their way, fanatical blessing 'in' afterward. 	fanatic way, that this war does not solve problems but more 'blessing'.
For details, click this link.	Palestine, Afghanistan, Iraq, to their same model, which have in South Africa.	Palestine, Afghanistan, Iraq, to secure the success of his movements must adopt this model was taken by the Nelson Mandela in South Africa. 	Palestine, Afghanistan and Iraq, to secure the success of his movements to adopt the same model, which was adopted by Nelson Mandela of South Africa.
(Please note that because of a large number of comments, only the comments typed in Urdu will be published.)	To moral and struggle, Jihad, than the armed struggle.	More than armed struggle to 'Jihad' psychological and moral 	Armed struggle, More than moral struggle and personal Jihad.
(Press to select Urdu alt+shift on the onscreen board.)	Kashmiris in part comes into view is that he accepted the danger..	Kashmiris seems to take part in the election is that he has accepted the 	Kashmiris to take part in the election is that he has to accept.
Unless a person realizes what is right and what is wrong, they continue to err.	The third week of Israeli attacks on Gaza is continuing, and the number of deaths has reached about 1000.	Is third week of Israeli attacks on Gaza and the number of deaths has reached near of one thousand. 	The third week of Israeli attacks on Gaza and the number of deaths reached one thousand.
For instance, if someone goes to steal and realizes at that moment that "theft is not a good thing and it's a curse, it entails punishment and they are also afraid of God," they would not steal.	Yet despite international diplomatic efforts were not the cease-fire.	Yet in spite of the international diplomatic efforts is planning could not be the war 	Despite the international diplomatic efforts, The war could not be
Similarly, until Israel realizes that it is wrong and it is killing innocent people and that it will be punished for it, it will recklessly continue shedding the blood of innocents in Gaza.	And, according to estimates, after the attacks starting from December 27, have so far been transferred to safe areas by 90 thousand Palestinians left their homes.	Interaction according to estimates, after the attacks, starting from December 27 90 thousand Palestinians from their left their houses have been transferred by the safe areas. 	Interaction, According to the estimate, starting from December 27 after the attacks so far 90 thousand Palestinians left their home have been transferred to safe areas.
Greetings!	On the other hand, relief organizations accuses of committing to the issue of the protection of Palestinian children, said that an entire generation of Palestinian children will be facing serious psychological and emotional problems.	Israel, relief agencies to the issue of Palestinian children's protection earthquakes, accusing said that accusations of committing an entire generation of Palestinian children will be facing serious psychological and emotional problems. 	On the other hand, The relief agencies, accusing Israel of commitment of Palestinian children from the protection of the issue, said that an entire generation of Palestinian children will be serious psychological and emotional problems.
The question is that is war, an armed movement, and terrorism a solution to problems?	You are saying.	What you are saying. 	What do you say.
If not, then what is the secret formula that can guide to a solution of these problems?	Should be?	What should be? 	What should be done?
It's true that war or an armed struggle does not solve any problems; it rather increases them.	In Gaza, how lasting peace is possible?	How lasting peace is possible in Gaza? 	How lasting peace is possible in Gaza?
In order for Palestine, Afghanistan, and Iraq to be successful in their political process they should follow the same model that Nelson Mandela employed in South Africa.	Click here for details.	Click here for details 	Click here for details
This means engaging in a struggle that is more political and moral instead of armed, and requires reconciliation.	(grace note that the opinions of the letter will be published only in Urdu due to increasing the number of remarks.	Grace notes comments that only due to the increasing number of letter in Urdu the opinions will be published. 	Please note criterion that comments due to an increase in the number of the opinions of the letter will be published in Urdu.
Participation of the Kashmiris in the election shows that they have accepted this point.	On the board of the extra screen for this alt+shift Urdu.)	On board the online for the screenplay Alt shift will pressure Urdu.) 	online for the screen on the board Alt shift by pressing Urdu.
The Taliban should be given an opportunity.	The Taliban.	Taliban given a chance pavernent 	Taliban given a chance pavernent
Basit, Peshawar	Basit, Peshawar	Basit, Peshawar 	Basit, Peshawar
Wake up. If the Taliban were to conduct real Jihad, who would be left to slaughter innocent people?	Wake up to if the Taliban started to jihad were innocent people who will.	Fortunes began to go if Taliban real jihad the innocent people who will 	Fortunes go if the Taliban began to jihad, by the innocent people who will.
Who would set fire to the girls' schools?	School who?	Girls who burnt the school? 	Girls' school who burnt?
And who would kidnap for ransom, or, on not getting the ransom, who would hang people from poles calling them American spies?	And kidnapping for ransom or get no ransom, saying the spy existing poles people who?	And kidnapping for ransom or get no ransom, the US intelligence and payment to the people who will bureaucracy? saying 	And kidnapping for ransom or no ransom, the US intelligence by saying the Poles, who will bureaucracy?
These Taliban have done more harm to Islam than any nation or religion has done.	The Taliban, Islam is so harmful as any other nation or religion has not.	He has caused so much harm to the Taliban as not by any nation or religion. 	much damage to the Taliban, as did not suffer any nation or religion.
Pashtun Roar	Pashtun,	Pashtun 	Pashtun
Kohat, Pakistan	Pakistan	Pakistan 	Costa Pakistan
If the whole Islamic world together just threatens Israel that it would be attacked, you will see how Israel's daddy America would feel the pain.	All the Islamic world together to attack Israel if staff would only threatened, you will, that Israeli daddy honour will be many distressing to America	together all the Islamic world to attack Israel if the only threatened give, you will see that Israel Abba presence of how the United States will be hurt 	All attacks on Israel by the Islamic world if only threat to give, you will see that Israel's father in how the United States will be hurt
And immediately, not only will the talk of ceasefire follow, but ceasefire will actually take place.	And the immediate ceasefire will not only be but the cease-fire.	Not only the ceasefire and immediately real ceasefire talks but will also be. 	immediately and not the real war only, but will also be the war.
But what can be done; where would our Muslim leaders find such courage?	But.. honour our Muslim rulers so heart and where.	But what so much heart liver, where to honour our Muslim rulers will bring. 	But what we have to do our Muslim rulers in the heart, liver, where.
Someone should suggest to Ahmadi-nejad to take the first step as he is famous for his fearlessness in the BBC forum.	Any Ahmad Nejad say that you are your courage in the BBC forum of the initiative and two big.	Any Ahmed Nejad will tell you that the initiative of the BBC Two why your courage in the forum are the big boom. 	Any Ahmadi to say that you are the big boom of your courage in the forum of the BBC.
Maintaining peace and taking care of human rights is not just the responsibility of the Arabs or the Muslim world; it is the duty of all the countries to raise their voice against injustice.	The responsibility of the peace and human rights take only Arabs, or voice against the oppression of Muslims that is not only imposed on the world, but it is the duty of the world.	Responsibility of establishing peace and human rights only, or Hindus Alam on the Arabs do not imposed but it is the duty of the world nations that take voice against the atrocity. 	The responsibility of peace and human rights on the Arabs, or not only Hindus and Muslims of the world, but it is the duty of the nations of the world that the voice against.
This sad incidence is the worst among the sins committed by Bush.	This tragic incident, Bush has been the worst in service sins so far.	This tragic incident in the bush taken so far of sins is the worst. 	This tragic incident so far for the sins of Bush in the worst.
American administration has given a green signal to Israel indicating that it can do whatever it wants, just like looting and plundering is done in government organizations in Pakistan and India when the financial year ends on June 30.	Way before ending June 30 financial year in Pakistan and looting in government institutions is just like this administration has signaled to Israel before its conclusion. Whether that choice.	June 30 in India and Pakistan, which means in government institutions before the end of the financial year plunder are just as the American administration has green signal to Israel before the end of his wishes that may 	June 30 in India and Pakistan, before the end of the financial year in government institutions, just like a green signal to Israel before the end of the American administration, which is that the choice.
On the one hand, America says that efforts would be made for a ceasefire.	On one hand, the United States says that the cease-fire to be.	A ceasefire in the United States says that will be tried for, 	On the one hand, The United States says that the war will be tried
On the other, the United Nations is passing resolution after resolution, but really, both have not done anything. Only one conclusion can be drawn and that is the United Nations is also determined to crush the Muslims.	On the other hand, the resolution on the UN resolution is approved, but practically both did nothing, there is only one point over that Muslims is fighting to the United Nations for action.	On the other hand resolution United Nations resolution is accepted, But practically, both did nothing is slipping, it is only a means that United Nations also surge to crush Muslims fighting. 	On the other hand, The UN resolution is passed a resolution, But the two didn't do anything, It is only one point to the Muslims that the United Nations for the fighting.
All Muslim countries should discontinue their membership in the United Nations and lay the foundation for their own international organization.	It should be the basis of its international organization and all Muslim countries to end the membership of the United Nations on the immediate.	membership of the United Nations immediately all Muslim countries on the basis of his international organization should end and should harms. 	All Muslim countries should pay to the end and the membership of the United Nations and its harms the foundation of the International Organization.
We have many instances where America and United Nations just made promises and passed resolutions. It was only the Muslims who suffered.	Before us many examples, about where the United States and the United Nations are being before only promises and resolutions only loss was only of Muslims.	About the examples are many, where our only promises and resolutions of the United Nations and the United States in the front comes loss was only to Muslims. 	We have many examples, where the only promises and resolutions of the United Nations and the United States are only of Muslims.
What is the use of pretending if the BBC is not going to publish anything?	Their benefit. When the BBC is not find some publishing	Benefit of them when the BBC is to publish some miserable is not 	His What is the benefit of when the BBC is not some strike.
What has happened to all the journalistic principles? When innocent blood is shed, especially of a Muslim's, the BBC loudly professes neutrality.	Now all journalistic principles where blood undeserved particular Muslims buried, on the BBC to be on board.	buried now where all the emotions principle improperly blood flowing of particularly Muslim, on BBC Board be so. 	Now all press freedoms in principle where buried blood unjustly, particularly the flowing of Muslims on the BBC, can be.
Self-proclaimed bearers of truth!	Aware of their own	Although accounting himself right to knowledge deprived 	Though accounting deprived of the right of
Forget about commenting themselves, their small-mindedness won't allow them to print comments	Itself away from some branch, that is the end of it, less to comment	Some burst, by far less talk, the limit of this meanness that comments by 	themselves some burst, The fact that the comments of meanness,
from the point of view of Muslims.	By the Muslims.	From Muslims. 	From Muslims.
The only difference between you and the Jews is that they call themselves Jews, and while living amongst you kill you, and while living among Muslims like you, and calling yourself Muslim, to the Muslims.	In what is very much in and they are martyred themselves are saying, Muslims and Muslims like you lived in their say the Muslims Muslims	Jews in you and the difference is in Jewish themselves say, are killing Muslims and ask you as Muslims to their own Muslim living in the Muslims 	In you and the Jews, so he is Jewish, Muslim, and you as Muslims living in his Muslim say the Muslims
[syja786]	To [syja786]	[syja786] 	[syja786
For a long time, a particular country has been targeted at the BBC forum behind the cover of the suicide attacks or terrorist activities in India. For quite some time, using suicide attacks and terrorism in India as an excuse, a particular faith has been targeted in the BBC forums.	Long ever suicide attacks in the forums of the BBC, it is targeted to a particular faith in front of terrorism in India.	BBC's quite never, ever suicide attacks in a certain under the pretext of terrorism in India is being targeted schools 	BBC for quite a long period of suicide attacks in a special schools are being targeted in the pretext of terrorism in India,
Extremism is the favorite word in these anti-Islam discussions.	These remarks against Islam is the word extremism	These remarks against Islam is a favorite word extremism 	His remarks against Islam is the favorite word of extremism
But from the discussion above, you can easily guess who the extremist is; in it, writing against Iran has virtually been decreed as blasphemous.	But who is extremist fitly from comments on this idea, you are writing against Iran in which has been a means of blasphemy.	But extremists who is above you saw the comments against Iran to fully which has been imposed about Kafr on writing. 	But extremists who is it you over the comments of the well scepticism about writing against Iran in its has been.
When will our Muslim brethren understand that the sword cannot be used to vanquish tyranny?	Our Muslims could not understand that how long will face a sword.	When our Muslims will understand that the could not contest with sword. 	US Muslims will come to understand that can not face to the sword.
Watching Israel bomb unarmed people, is that not a heart-wrenching experience?	Unarmed people in the bombardment of Israel should have no tears of blood, the heart?	unarmed people in Israel's bombing the heart to see what not cried tears of blood? 	Israel's bombing in the heart of the unarmed people not cried tears of blood, then what?
Fundamentally, the blame can be placed on this conflict, murder, and destruction which we call Jihad, and thereby besmirch the beautiful name of Islam.	But the fault is this anarchy, murder and destruction which we give the name of Jihad and the beautiful face of Islam are trying to meet.	But basic of this violence and murder and penetrated the fault is by the name of jihad which we beautiful face of Islam tried to meet. 	But basic guilty of murder and violence, which is the name of jihad and the beautiful face of Islam meet.
When the majority of Palestinians have accepted the existence of Israel, then why does Hamas attack Israel with rockets or target it with suicide bombers?	When the majority of the Palestinian will accept the existence of Israel, Hamas have required that the rocket resulted or suicide attacks on Israel.	When the majority of Palestinians already accepted the existence of Israel, What Hamas need that the rockets on Israel or force the suicide attack. 	When the majority of the Palestinians have accepted the existence of Israel, Hamas that he needed rockets on Israel or suicide attacks.
The attitudes of both sides are not humanitarian.	The two sides are monody.	Both sides are Ki attitude of humanity. 	attitude of both sides humanity Ki.
Once again we see America and the United Nations supporting the injustices of Israel.	The role of America and the United Nations, then we supports Israel&apos;s atrocities.	Role of the United States and the United Nations then we support to Israel's atrocities. 	The role of the United States and the United Nations and then we supported Israel's atrocities.
May Allah grant the Muslim global community the will to be united, Amen.	God give of a Muslim Ummah,,	God giving a strength of the Amen, 	God a, The Amen,
And the real terrorists using these painful acts of terrorism against terrorism should be considered for a Nobel prize as, after all, they are the ones doing the real work.	Prize of the campaign against terrorism to this distressing place action of the terrorists and terrorism, &quot;Even if the real work that they are doing.	Terrorism and terrorists to the pain of terrorism to delivered of Nobel also to think that real work, are 	Terrorism and terrorists of this action of terrorism and delivered of Nobel to think that real work,.
Otherwise, how is terrorism on such a large scale possible without the backing of some bigwig? And everyone knows who the people pulling these strings are.	Otherwise. big on terrorism is possible without the backing of a leader? Who are the all know..	What otherwise terrorism on a large scale without lenses of Sardar generation of support and it is who are all know. 	Otherwise, what terrorism on a large scale without lenses Sardar generation of the And it is who are all know.
So, simply put, this is called gangsterism - do whatever you please.	That is to see that, in the trial in simple language, it is said that Dad.	such as in plain language in grandfather Gary, It is said that the low to the. 	, such grandfather in plain language, Gary said that the fire.
Hit on the head with full force and then don't even let weep over it. Inflicting all-around abuse and won't let you complain either.	The head of tremendous should also carry a bomb and killed.	Fico of great, on his head and cried also killed. 	Great Fico to killed and crying, even.
The Arab leaders are giving medicines to the injured, coffins for the dead, and money, and the question is being raised:	For, a funeral for the dead and give, are Arab leaders and is being asked.	Injured and Funeral for those who died for the drugs, money, and asked the Arab rulers are being. 	medicines for the injured, funeral for those killed and money, are Arab rulers and is being asked.
what should be done about Israeli attacks?	The Israeli attack, should be?	Israeli attack, should be? 	Israeli attack, what should be done?
The actual problem is that the leaders of all Muslim countries, including the Saudi kings, are in a dream world, and neither do they have an army nor a defense plan. They think that by providing aid, they have fulfilled their responsibility.	Issue is actually giving aid that are not is their army nor any defense plan just think it. while sleeping in Negligence is that the heads of all the Muslim countries including Saudi fulfilled their responsibility.	Actually issue is that the heads of all Muslim countries, including Saudi negligence, not sleeping in their army and no defense plan bus think that was his responsibility for aid. 	This issue is that the heads of all Muslim countries, including Saudi negligence while sleeping in his army is and no defense plan, think that aid was his responsibility.
They should immediately take some practical steps against Israel,	Them immediately practical steps against Israel should.	They should immediately to practical steps against Israel. 	them immediately to practical steps against Israel.
like stopping the supply of petroleum to America and the European countries, however regretfully they	Such countries and the closure of the car, but in their sorrow.	Closure of petrol as the United States and European countries but regret in them. 	As the United States and European countries But the closure of petrol in their grief.
Greetings to all sisters and brothers!	Salute all sister!	All brothers and sisters to salute! 	All brothers and sisters to salute!
In my opinion, during these difficult times, suggesting that Hamas give up its struggle in the name of peace would be unfair to the thousands of widows and millions of orphans, and would be akin to failing them.	Ching advises Hamas to abandon its struggle in the name of peace in this time of difficulty with thousands and thousands of judicial injustice and them is equivalent to prove unsuccessful.	I think in this difficult moment Hamas to abandon its struggle in the name of peace to give advice and injustice with thousands of millions of widows and is tantamount to prove they failed. 	I think Hamas to stop its struggle in the name of peace in this difficult time to give advice to thousands of widows and hundreds of thousands of people injustice and to prove him failed.
If Israel and its supporters are pretending to be like the Pharaohs, then soon Moses will be born among them because this is the law of Nature. The steps that America and Israel are taking are the propagators of suicide bombers among the Muslims.	If Israel and its supporters are on their peak, will also be created in their house, because it is a natural law, the actions of America and Israel are working in Muslims of fertilizer in to created a suicide bomber.	Israel and its supporters soon if his On the peak of arrogance, Musa also will be Born in his home because this is divine law America and the steps taken by Israel to create suicide bomber in Muslims are working in fertilizers. 	If Israel and its supporters are on the rise of its arrogance, near Musa also will be Born in his house because it is the law of fertilizer in the suicide bomber in the Muslims of America and Israel are working.
Which these elephants, intoxicated with power, cannot understand.	Bacchanalian in the power, he is not coming to understand.	Who expanses of power in bacchanalian elephants I do not understand. 	The power of intoxicate could not understand the elephants.
Abu Abdullah Pakistan	Abu Abdullah Pakistan	Abu Abdullah Pakistan 	Abu Abdullah,
Now Hamas and Israel should make peace so that this bloodshed comes to an end.	Now, Hamas and Israel to compromise should be stopped so blood and evil.	Now Hamas and Israel should take the compromise so blood and evil shut. 	Now Hamas and Israel should take a compromise so that blood and harm closed.
Muhammad Sarfaraz, Paris, France.	Mohammad Sarfaraz, Paris, France	Mohammad Sarfaraz, Paris, France 	Mohammad Sarfaraz, Paris, France
Absolutely correct.	Perfect rang:.	Just rang said. 	Just rang.
Let us suppose that Hamas is 100 percent right, and that by conducting Jihad against oppression, it wants to obtain high esteem in the presence of God. Even so, it should at least realize that if good deeds cause the destruction of flourishing communities, then they do not remain a good deeds.	Duty are that Hamas. 100 is right on the truth, and &quot;atrocities&quot; against &quot;Jihad&quot; in Kandahar, &quot;is to be reduced even then it so it should be known that if not home, then left.	Are duty that Hamas hundred percentage is right on the Truth and Jihad 'against the court of conquers' in 'least also wants is to be, then it should be so, must know that if died from good take home, then love can not good. 	Duty to do with that Hamas is on the percentage of truth and '' Jihad 'against the court in' call, if he wants to, to say the least, should know that if the died home, then love is not good.
For those who claim to love God, his Prophet, and their religion, the love of humanity is an essential part of their beliefs.	People who are claiming of love with love, and their love of God and His Prophet, human beings love to their quantity is!	People who love, His Prophet from God, love and claimed his love of religion, to love human study is part of faith! 	People who love of God, the love of the Prophet, and claimed his religion of love, to love human part of faith.
As if subsequent to the coming of Muslims, Allah has ordered all those who follow the Judeo-Christian scriptures to be wiped off the face of the earth.	After Muslims are, his book, the water in the world, the entire page years ordered by God.	means that Muslims' as After the People of the Book 'world live in them, from the face of the earth is God's order by bombarding 	As Muslims after the People of the Book, 'live in the world, is ordered to Allah
*Najeeb-ur-Rehman Saiko*, Lahore [P@KI$T@N]	Rehman, [p@ki$t@n]	Najib Rehman Lahore [P KI $T N] 	Najib Rehman Sayako, Lahore [P @ KI T @ N
No, the order is not for them to be wiped off; rather they should be invited into Islam.	G. is not order but not&apos; invitation of Islam &quot;order.	No order is not but they have ordered to the invitation to Islam 	No order is not but ordered them to the invitation of Islam
But Jihad has been ordered against those who scheme against the religion.	But is ordered against jihad against them.	But questioning conspiring against the is the order of jihad against them will 	But questioning conspiring against the order of jihad against them
These people should be fought until they give up scheming. But this does not at all mean that one should wear a jacket and blow oneself up in a crowd.	Until this time with these people &quot;not be until they end - but it is not possible for it means that having exploded in go.	time with these people not end conspiring pitting until they destroyed but it is not marry mean that exploded in the wearing jackets 	With them to fold the time until the determination not destroyed but it does not mean that wearing a jacket burst in
Brothers, the end of the murder of innocent children is destruction.	Brothers, is the destruction as a result of the killer of children.	Brothers, causes the destruction of killer of children. 	Brothers, killer of children is the destruction.
However, I want to suggest to my friends that the same Israelis who yesterday could find no refuge, today have become so strong that they listen to no one because they are united.	But Ching friends has requested that all was not shelter, today, they were so strong that no one in the world admits not because all are a.	But from my friends is requested that the Israelis had no shelter, they were so strong that today in the world considers not because of any Jewish are one. 	But my friends to the Israelis that the shelter was not, today he was so strong that no one in the world because the Jews are.
They have no such differences as Shia, and Sunnis; they are all just Jews, and they have progressed and have been creative in every field.	Not, not Sunni, bus, all of them are, and he made everything- of development in every opportunity.	Nor Sunni, Shiite, not in them all Jewish bus. and he made every thing every development in the field. 	The Shiite, Sunni, all Jewish and he made every thing of the development in every field.
In contrast, what is the condition of the 55 Islamic countries?	In contrast, 55 Islamic countries have recently?	Of the 55 Islamic countries is the state? 	On the contrary, what is the condition of 55 Islamic countries?
Lagging behind in every field, and now the situation is that they have become so helpless that the enemy is relentlessly beating them, and they await death.	Behind in every opportunity, and now it is wise that such were the enemies are beating them and they are awaiting death.	behind in every field and now it is helpless situation is such that they have are enemies and are waiting for death. 	Back in every field and now it is that so that the enemy are killed and they are waiting for the death.
There is a need for all Muslim countries to unite and together prepare a strategy against Israel.	It is necessary that all Muslim countries to be united and work together to prepare action against Israel.	It is necessary that all Muslim countries together and be united against Israel should prepare a 	It is necessary that all Muslim countries to be united and together against Israel ready.
Feroz Magsi, Jhang, Pakistan.	Feroz Magsi, Jhang, Pakistan	Feroz Magsi, Jhang, Pakistan 	Feroz Magsi, Jhang, Pakistan
There is no better strategy than to accept Israel as a state and to acquire from it the latest knowledge and ways of advancement, and let the world live in peace.	And this is not a good strategy, that Israel to surrender. The Studies and development and world peace, and China, to staff.	And its good action, no and that Israel should accept the learning, the way the development of modern science and to live in peace and China to the world. 	And not a good strategy and that Israel should accept the, modern science and the ways of development after learning to live in peace and China to the world.
Muslims have a lot of land and resources as well.	Muslims have also are very and sources also.	Muslims have also very lands and Sources. 	Have the land of the Muslims and Sources.
There is a need to use them effectively.	It is the correct use.	Need is correct use. 	Is correct.
The first and foremost distressing aspect is that Hamas and Fatah could not unite.	First, the most terrible aspect of it is that Hamas and Alfatah could not in unity.	First of all, this tragic aspect is that Hamas and Fatah could not be unity in. 	First of all, this tragic aspect is that Hamas and Fatah could not be alliance.
Great leaders like Yasir Arafat and Sheikh Yasin were killed in an organized fashion so that this one brave nation of the region capable of conducting "Jihad" for the Aqsa Mosque, could be weakened, and this was not possible without eliminating Yasin and Arafat.	Arafat and killed by such organized only so that had been that for the Aqsa mosque, &quot;Jihad&quot;, to be the only intrepid nation of the region have weak and until Arafat and are not removed means from the way it was impossible.	Like Yasir Arafat and Sheikh Yasin to organize great leaders killed by the way it was that the Aqsa mosque for 'Jihad' to the region only attribute this nation can be weak and until Yasin and Arafat must not have been cleared through this was impossible. 	Yasir Arafat and Sheikh Yasin as world leaders organized way for this was that the mosque praying for jihad to the region, The only attribute the nation can be weak and until Yasin and Arafat are not removed from the way it was impossible.
The world is witnessing how Palestine is gradually falling apart after the demise of these two leaders	The world is that after the death of these two Palestine is moment by moment	Of The World see that these two leaders after the death of Palestine moment to moment is how 	The world can see that these two leaders as Palestine after the death of the Is
and how the Jewish lobby strengthens its stranglehold with every passing moment.	And lobby went to the council from above the moment by moment.	And the Jewish lobby moment to moment how their clutches the NSG from the NSG went off. 	And the Jewish lobby moment to moment how their clutches upgraded the NSG, Most of the.
In 1974, there was a Pakistani prime minister who had such global prestige that he, for the first time, brought all Muslim leaders under one roof with 100 percent attendance.	In 1974, the owner of a Pakistani Prime Minister of this world view was that all Muslim leaders with attendance at 100 in the first time was taken under a roof.	This international trust the owner of a Pakistani prime minister in 1974 was 100 percent for the first time in history that the attendance with all Muslims had come under a roof of the leaders. 	A Pakistani prime minister in 1974, the owner of the world, for the first time in history that 100 percent with the attendance of all Muslim leaders had come under one roof.
Today on his eighty-first birthday, is it so difficult for this nation to pledge that not only would it have unity among its ranks	On this today. It is a very difficult task that not only should this nation focus its launched in alliance established	On this day birth today. This is a very difficult task should pledge that this nation that not only will set up unity among its ranks 	Today the birth anniversary on it is a difficult task that this nation will pledge that not only will keep unity among its ranks
moreover while working to remove the differences among other Muslims it will work to complete its (the foundation of the Islamic Commonwealth) partially completed mission?	But to remove the differences of Muslims, it would be premature mission (Islamic Commonwealth) forward?	But other Muslims differences also While the (Islamic) for establishment of Commonwealth of unfinished mission will be increased ahead? 	But also other differences of the Muslims, while it the establishment of Islamic Commonwealth of accomplishing the mission will be?
Israeli warplanes have continued their bombing and missile attacks on Gaza since December 27.	It is a body which was half a century.	This is the one which has been to from half a century 	This one, which is half a century to Has
So far, more than 300 Palestinian citizens have lost their lives in these attacks.	There are many features.	Many of which this are the mouth 	This, many of which are mouth
After the air raids, Israeli tanks and armor-plated vehicles have reached the border of Gaza with full preparation for a land attack.	Many times, his own people lived and paddy in the world so bad as yourself from any other source.	Any other Her face which it many times in the worst forgetting the pressure of the world and Paddy. 	Many times it from any other source, on your bad circumstances world pressure and Paddy.
The United Nations Security Council passed a unanimous resolution at an emergency meeting, calling on Israel and the Palestinian Authority to immediately stop their violent acts.	This and other features of which are human beings said in Iraq, Afghanistan, Iran, Pakistan,	And this the other face of Iraq which Afghanistan are eating Iran virtues in Pakistan 	And the other face in Iraq, Afghanistan, Iran, Pakistan, are
However, Israeli authorities say that they will continue their actions in Gaza till they are sure that rocket attacks on Israel will cease.	And it is that Islam is than all those who knows that it will only expelled whenever firm and practical Islam was rescued. He only of Islam, Muslims and Muslims, because, at tells us that Islam has made on big path.	And most of which it is because it knows which is that when this also out it was only Muslims and Muslim scholar of Islam and practical firm will expelled Islam because history shows that Islam is the big are on the right path. 	And the most of which because it knows that it when he was pulled and only firm religion of Islam, Muslims and Muslims and Islam will be expelled because history shows that Islam is the big are on the right path
In your opinion, is Israel right in saying that the action it is taking is part of Israeli efforts to defend its sovereignty?	The process of bombing and missile attacks on Gaza by Israeli military planes is issued from December 27.	Israel's war planes from the bombing and a series of missile attacks on Gaza is continuing since December 27. 	Israel war planes by a series of bombings and missile attacks on Gaza from December 27.
In this situation, is the international community playing its role?	The attacks have so far been killed more than 300 Palestinian citizens.	In these attacks so far more than three hundred Palestinian citizens have been killed. 	In these attacks so far more than three hundred Palestinian citizens have been killed.
Is this brutal act indirectly linked to the upcoming elections in Israel?	Now after the air attacks, Israeli tanks and mail closed vehicles have also reached on Gaza border with full preparation of the ground action.	Air attacks now after the Israeli tanks and armored vehicles ground action with complete the preparation of have arrived on the borders of Gaza. 	Air attacks after the Israeli tanks and armored vehicles have reached on the borders of Gaza with the preparation of the action on the ground.
Can some improvement in the state of affairs of the Middle East be expected after the newly elected President Obama takes charge?	The UN Security Council demanded to stop violent actions immediately to Israel and the Palestinian Authority through a unanimous resolution in an emergency meeting.	The United Nations Security Council unanimously passed Resolution in an emergency meeting with the Palestinian Authority and Israel through immediately on what is demanded to stop the violent actions. 	In an emergency meeting of the UN Security Council has unanimously passed resolution by Israel and the Palestinian Authority to immediately demanded to stop violent activities.
(Please note that because of a large number of comments, only the comments typed in Urdu will be published.)	However, Israeli authorities have said that they would continue their operations in Gaza until this time as long as they are not sure that rocket attack on Israel would be closed.	However, Israeli officials said that it will continue their operations in Gaza for time until they believe are not that will be stopped rocket attacks on Israel. 	, However, Israeli officials said that they will continue their operations in Gaza until they are not sure that it will be closed for rocket attacks on Israel.
(Press alt+shift and then select Urdu on the onscreen keyboard.)	In your opinion, what Israel is correct to say that this is an attempt to defend the integrity of Israeli actions?	In your opinion what Israel is correct to say that this Israeli action is trying to defend the unity and integrity? 	In your opinion what Israel is correct to say that this action is an attempt to defend the unity and integrity of Israel?
This is an evil spirit, which has taken possession of Palestine for half a century.	What is the international community to play its role in this situation?	In this situation, The international community is playing the role? 	This situation is to play their role in the international community?
This evil spirit has many faces.	Is this aggressive action independently belonged to the next elections in Israel?	What this aggressive action of indirect belong to the next elections in Israel? 	This aggressive action of indirect belong to the next elections in Israel?
A number of times this evil spirit has used one of its faces to badmouth itself in order to get relief from the world's pressure and move attention away from itself.	Is the newly elected President of the United States could be expected of any improvement in the situation of the Middle East since taking office?	Newly elected President of the United States after assuming the post of Middle East can be expected of the improvement in the situation is? 	The newly elected President of the United States Barak Obama after assuming the post of the Middle East can be expected of the improvement in the situation?
And some of the faces of this evil spirit are devouring men in Iraq, Afghanistan, Iran, and Pakistan.	(grace note that the opinions of the letter will be published only in Urdu due to increasing the number of remarks.	Grace notes comments that only due to the increasing number of letter in Urdu the opinions will be published. 	Please note criterion that comments due to an increase in the number of the opinions of the letter will be published in Urdu.
And this evil spirit is most fearful of Islam because it knows that whenever it is forced out, it will only happen because of Islam; Muslims and their religion in its complete and practical form. That is because history tells us that Islam brought onto the right track a number of famous ignorants.	On the board of the extra screen for this alt+shift Urdu.)	On board the online for the screenplay Alt shift will pressure Urdu.) 	online for the screen on the board Alt shift by pressing Urdu.
Palestine will always be a sacred place for Muslims of the whole world and its protection is our duty.	Palestine &quot;of Muslims in the world, is a sacred place, and this is part of our protection	Palestine There is a most sacred place for Muslims to the world and this is our must protect the part 	Palestine, There is a holy place for Muslims all over the world and this part of compulsory for US.
And we should also remember that it was designated as our first geographical orientation for performing our prayers.	And we keep it is the first attitude.	And we also remember needs to keep it tone is first 	And we should also remember that they tone is first
And Israel, India, and America will be destroyed one day because these countries were always meant to disintegrate. God will surely direct his wrath on these infidels. Sajid Sadiq, Lahore.	Israel and India was only made this country, because America has to find a day languish. and God is the incumbent torture on these unbelievers-Sajid Sadiq,	India a day to the United States and Israel fail is miserable because this country, for the break and God they become unbelievers must to punishment on Sajid Sadiq, 	India and Israel fail a day to the United States, because this country became only the for these unbelievers and the punishment is the Sajid Sadiq,
"When did tears help in spending the night of separation/ When have tears assuaged the night of separation	Night &quot;When cabin from brine rationales.	"when tears pretext is cabin with night 	When tears from the pretext is night
When was a calamity evaded simply by prayers" (Nawabzada Nasrullah Khan)	When there is without only prayers &quot;(Nawabzada Nasrullah Khan)	From only prayers when any "(Nawabzada Nasrullah Khan) 	When no one from only prayers Nawabzada Nasrullah Khan
BBC looks far and wide to find such comments in order to publish them.	Such comments, BBC research published by the research.	Such comments, published by BBC explored exploration. 	Such comments, BBC Research published by the discovery.
After all, the facade of impartiality has to be maintained too.	Finally, dignity and impression is also keep up then.	End and of impression is maintain. 	Last of and maintain the impression.
Actually, BBC's news is generally correct, but the real thing is the way this news is presented.	The BBC is only correct. But fact- is the way of news.	Though the BBC news reports are correct, But the real thing a way. 	Of BBC News are only correct, But the real thing is the news.
Some things are highlighted and certain news items are given less significance,	How- to have and how to reduce the news.	To highlight what is and what is less importance of news. 	What to do and what is the importance of the news.
etc., etc.	.	etc.. 	And so on and so forth.
Zaheer Chughtai.	The Chughtai	Zaheer Chughtai 	Zaheer Chughtai
In the use of these tricks now, our own Pakistani electronic and print media, especially some Urdu newspapers and columnists etc., are not behind anyone else. In their coverage of the increasing extremism and terrorism or on writing about these, they bring in their own pet peeves and grudges.	It now our Pakistani, especially to any one, and I was not in the growth of extremism and terrorism or writing on it, &quot;revenge&quot; in-beam seen.	This now our Pakistani electronic media, especially columns and also not back any one who growing extremism and terrorism here on this or writes in the coverage of so trunk are whipped 	This now our Pakistani electronic Parana media, especially and columnists now are not behind the increasing extremism and terrorism here or in the coverage of the writing on it, 'revenge' in the trunk whipped.
Where is the United Nations, which on the face of it speaks of human rights and peace, but when intense force and injustice is inflicted on Muslims, it just repeats the same thing, that Hamas should stop its attacks? Till when will this inconsistent policy continue?	The United Nations has said that apparently, the cause of human rights and peace, but it is the end of oppression and violence on Muslims and to hear words from his mouth, see that Hamas would stop attacks, for how long it will leave contested.	said the United Nations is apparently of peace, human rights and things. but Muslims as the limits of oppression and tyranny, and it is the same words are to hear from the mouth when Hamas to stop attacks until this dual policy will continue. 	said the United Nations, which apparently, human rights and peace talks but the Muslims of oppression and tyranny, and his mouth are heard the same words that Hamas should stop attacks for how long this dual policy will continue.
Why such oppression of Muslims? If people like America stop backing the Jews, Allah has clearly said that this nation would spend the life of a disgraced nation, and this nation can never live normally. So, Americans, if you have the guts, stop supporting them and then see their fate.	Muslims on one is wrong if people like America to leave the backing of Jews, God is the clear: that this nation will pass the life of the nation, and this nation will not only life, sometimes if courage is America&apos;s backing of them and then that of his.	Muslim why there is so much cruelty as if the United States left people like Jews backing them, Allah has clearly said that this nation MOST Infamous spent the LIFE of The Nation and this Nation will never Can not Spend LIFE IF Properly Courage America has the backing Of And then WATCH THAT his Fortune 	Muslims as why such violence if people like the United States is backing of Jews left, then God Almighty has clearly said that this nation will spent the most miserable life of the nation and the nation is life if the courage, The United States, backing and then see that the life of his fortune
The so-called arbiters of the world, and those who kill and destroy others in the name of peace, should clearly understand that peace can only be established in the world by being just, and not by being unfair and through genocide.	To those who fell murder in the name of so-called and peace of the world, it clearly understood that peace in the world only to obtain justice &quot;may set up is off no judicial and genocide.	Called the world and Murder in the name of peace fell to understand this clearly ask that peace in the world, only justice to miserable set up blockades "injustice and generation scene. 	Called the world and Murder in the name of peace fell to should clearly understand that set up the peace and justice in the world. is cordoned injustice and genocide.
If genocide was a sure way to eliminate a whole race and have one's way, not only would the Jews have not existed after the steps that Hitler took, but their rise today would have been impossible.	If genocide could find any nation have ended and the results of the election will be made after the actions of the Jews will not only be continued existence, but a kind of high today is impossible.	If generation suicide miserable from any nation can be eliminated to administer the results can be gained, according Measures not only maintain existence of Jews since the peak of pounds but like a bargain impossible today. 	If the genocide in any nation can be eliminated to administer the results can be achieved, after the Jews of not only maintain existence. but, in a way, the peak of bargain impossible today.
As a poet says,	The poet	According to Poet 	According to Poet
"Cruelty is cruelty after all, it inflates, then it dissipates	This is growing. Then are destroyed.	cruelty "is growing, It is bridged 	Cruelty is growing, totally.
Blood is blood after all, it drips, then it coagulates."	Is blood. Then Jim are.	blood "is Jim is considered 	Blood is, Jim.
Now who will explain to whom the meaning of terrorism?	Now who have other that terrorism?	Who will tell now that What is terrorism? 	Who will tell what is terrorism?
Does everyone not come under the category of terrorism? Why does everyone only feel their own pain?	In the category of terrorism, it all comes not only takes the pain all their own.	It all in the terrorism do not are all their pain and their only 	What all this terrorism is not in about their seems to all the
Are other people not human? Or is it that the blood of Muslims has now become so cheap? Wasn't the blood of so many innocents red?	Other people have been the blood of Muslims against human beings are not or are so inexpensive. Such was not the red color of blood.	what people do not have low or of has been A of color was not 	People What are not or of only Low has been of what was not of
And now why doesn't a condolence message come from anywhere anymore?	And now, came not a message?	And now any condolence message from anywhere do not? 	And now from anywhere any condolence him am not?
I watched the Mumbai attack operations as if my own house was on fire. It is not easy to watch human suffering and this suffering is not visible to anyone? I wish Muslims could unite, and then think.	The trial in the action of the Mumbai attacks was like Ching began his fire in your home is that the pain of the people are not next and it comes not in any pain, some may be a Muslim.	In the proceedings of the Mumbai attacks had seen such as my home have caught fire in it and it can not see that the sparing sparing lenses do not wish a think 	Mumbai attacks in the proceedings of the was seen such as this in my house fire that of sparing never saw it and it sparing lenses do not wish a think
How to protest the corpses lying on the road, unattended injured, and innocent faces soaked in blood; cannot find words.	Lying on the road, were injured and how innocent faces resistance in the blood do that words were not available.	Dead bodies on the road, fend injured and sink in blood innocent face condemned how that will not find words 	Dead bodies on the road, fend injured and in the blood innocent face condemned How did not find that words
Feel like crying over the helplessness of Muslims. On the one hand, whenever people are killed in India, the whole world starts blaming Pakistan without any proof, asking it to take action, otherwise they will take the initiative.	The Muslims helplessly, Miss a hand that there are people get killed in India, the entire world on Pakistan, as the body of evidence is demanded that action, otherwise we will	Muslims is evident that regret on the one hand on the helpless people were killed in India, the entire world is increasingly without evidence on Pakistan action that otherwise we will 	Regret on the psychology of the Muslims is that on one hand, the evidence on the entire world of people killed in India action that is otherwise we will
On the other, Israel is openly conducting genocide of the Muslims, and the world is silent. This is unbearable.	And on the other hand, Israel publicly is making the genocide of Muslims and the world is silent can&apos;t be tolerated.	And on the other hand, Israel publicly quiet race is genocide of the Muslims and the world it is unbearable 	And on the other hand, Israel publicly the genocide of Muslims and the silence of the world It is unbearable.
God acts on his own timetable, and when he does, to end this lawlessness-	- God have not and when it will end the city.	have long darkness and when it would end the darkness Nagri, not. 	God have long darkness, and when the storm will be the end of the city.
While America exists, a threat to Israel's existence should be considered a joke.	Effects of America, Israel is a joke.	Hence the integrity of Israel in the United States is a joke. 	The United States, hence the integrity of Israel is a joke.
As far as the elections are concerned, those in power will take such measures as to please the people, and without a doubt especially a state like Israel. As far as Barack Obama is concerned, history is a witness that no American president to date has gone against the ruling policy, and this will not even happen. An imperialist, whether black or white, is an imperialist.	Is a matter of the way for the elections, the ruling Awami. No doubt in this particularly talk of Israel remaining Barak, at the witness has not been contested against any ruling until today and not be colonialism white or Kala is only colonialism.	Talk was welcomed, The ruling Public Elections for this type of actions in this course will especially a state like Israel, what the remaining Barak to witness history. today was no American ruling against the policy and would not be colonialism is only white or black is colonialism. 	As far as the elections, The ruling public response in this kind of actions for the course Israel, like the rest of the state of Barak Obama, history is evident today was not against any US government policy and will not be colonialism is white or black colonialism.
The ongoing debate in the forum shows that everyone is sad about Benazir's demise. However, considering her as a politician, her failings have not been ignored.	From the ongoing debate in the forum, it is clear that the sorrow of the death of any kind, but they have not been ignored.	Discussion forum continue in it is that everyone is about the pain of the demise of Benazir as politicians but was not ignore their shortcomings. 	Forum in this debate is clear to everyone that the pain of Benazir Bhutto's death, but as a politician was not ignore their shortcomings.
It is being debated whether Benazir gave away her life for democracy or to gain power.	It is called the debate that has given a life of democracy or for power.	This debate is that Benazir summoned for the life of the power or for the sake of democracy. 	This debate is that Benazir Bhutto lives for the sake of democracy, or for the sake of power.
If democracy was dear to her, then why was she free for ten years until a deal was made to obtain American clearance under Musharraf's authoritarian rule?	If democracy was Aziz, and kept to leave that to 10 years in Musharraf&apos;s policies?	If democracy Aziz that clearance, The US and the deal was 10 years kept Why leave in Musharraf's dictatorship to the public? 	If democracy was Aziz American clearance and 10 years until the deal in Musharraf's dictatorship to the public Why leave kept?
Benazir did not come to Pakistan when the people subject to authoritarianism needed her. Unfortunately, she came to Pakistan after being acquitted in law suits and when she was assured of her power.	And then Pakistan is not affected when. Unfortunately, he then Pakistan routed when they had cases of freedom and power.	Benazir Bhutto then Pakistan not come when affected dictatorship. unfortunately, he still need to visit Pakistan and release from cases when they believe were probed ensured of power 	Benazir Bhutto then Pakistan not come when the dictatorship unfortunately he needed to come to Pakistan when they release with cases and ensured the power.
There is no one to respond to the blame and criticism constantly being leveled at a historical figure.	On this, it is not the only a few reminders to take human beings is being raised by the allegations.	Historic virtues to pick up the tree on the accusations is being, not only to say anything. 	Historical servants to the accusations by the Is being not to say anything on this.
Sana Khan.	Sana Khan	Sana Khan 	Sana Khan
Some things are just ignored because one feels that nothing can be done about them.	Some are his thoughts and that some of them might not be of help.	Some things are ignored it can not be thinking that some of them. 	Some things are ignored, thinking that some of them may not be.
Another reciter.	A and Qari	Another reader 	Another reader
Dear Sir/Madam, Perhaps you did not just read the history of (Sir) in Pakistan, but also in four friendly countries and seven other countries. Perhaps you agree with Mr. Saiko.	At the Mrs. you not only in Pakistan but (Sir) in 1992 in its four friendly countries and seven other countries also read about Mr., you should take.	Respected you may has not only in Pakistan but history (Sir), about his four in friendly countries and seven other countries also should read Perhaps Mr. ok you talk of it. 	Respected / Mrs. you may not only in Pakistan but the history Sir may also read in my friend countries and seven other countries about the Saeco's right to you.
Tariq Ayaz.	Tariq,	Tariq Ayaz 	Tariq Ayaz
Those who are not talented will not benefit from training.	&quot;do not. of which they are not from train	'not only be nature of which he trained to able 	'not only to which he training, not
The image of cypress trees did not appear green in the water.	Was not happy living in the image of the cypress armpit.	Was not living green water in photos The armpit for 	Was thriving in the water and armpit, of which
Britain never allowed them to unite and concocted a Hindu-Muslim feud, which was nurtured by Sir Syed.	Britain, he also was not a place and Hindu-Muslim have the development of the issue.	Britain has never has not been a Hindu and Muslim invention of the development issue Sir Syed. 	Britain has never has also Hindu and Muslim issue invention which the development of Sir Syed.
Saiko.	.		
How cruel are our people; blindly writing odes to celebrate themselves and their party, and no one to defend the historical figures and intellectuals who are being accused and criticized willy-nilly.	How much is a feeling in the style of our own nation and his party should take time, blind effects are only, but now, every take human beings to intellectuals who is being criticized and allegations on this, there is not only a few reminders.	How cruel our nation is their time and Shaun writes in his party are blind, but now, every historic virtues heavy intellectuals to pick up the allegations and is being criticized the No say anything on this, not only the. 	How cruel, our nation and our party in the state of writes, are blind, but now, every historic virtues intellectuals to pick up the allegations and is being criticized, Some say.
We have made entirely too much progress.	Under a development, we have people.	Development we People, very. 	We have developed a lot.
Sana Khan.	Sana Khan	Sana Khan 	Sana Khan
Some things are just ignored, thinking that nothing can be done about them, like loading books on a donkey does not turn it into a scholar.	Some ignored the. It was thought that some of them might not be - a book like this burden &quot;stupid world not become.	Some things are ignored it, thinking, that some of them may not be as having books to used to not be stupid Alam 	Some things are ignored, thinking, that some of them may not be load books, to not be the Fool
Even if the ongoing dialogue between Pakistan and India has been disturbed after the Mumbai attacks, both countries should continue the dialogue.	Although Mumbai has been created disturbances in the ongoing negotiator process between India and Pakistan after the attack and we want to continue the talks to India.	Although after Mumbai attack in dialogue process between Pakistan and India, the damage was born, so we want to keep the to continue dialogue between Pakistan and India. 	Although after the attack of the dialogue process between Pakistan and India has been interrupted, so we want to continue the talks between Pakistan and India.
If they think of going to war, then both sides will lose human lives.	If the war will talk, both sides would be the loss of human lives.	If we will talk of war, will be a loss of human lives from both sides. 	If the war will be, will be a loss of human lives from both sides.
India says that the person they arrested for the Mumbai attacks is a Pakistani national and he had also sent a letter in Urdu to Pakistan. However, it is significant to note that initially, when Indian authorities arrested this extremist, they claimed that he was an accomplished engineer, but later they said that his education was only at the fourth grade level, something to be determined.	India says that Pakistan was held in Mumbai attack is urban and it has sent a letter written to Pakistan in Urdu, but on the other hand, India, first, when the extremist held, said that this is a great engineer, but after that, he said, it only four parties have declared this point of view.	India has said that Pakistan was arrested in Mumbai attack civilians and this is in Urdu, Pakistan is also sent by writing a letter but on the other hand, India has caught before when this extremist, said that this is a very big engineer but he only to four after the party has declared the Watch the thing. 	said that attack in Mumbai of India, was arrested in Pakistan and it has sent a letter to Pakistan in writing, but on the other hand, India when the extremist arrested, said that this is a very big engineer, But after he had only four party is declared.
First of all, Merry Christmas to Mr. Bahana and all the Christian friends of the forum.	First, accept Mr. congratulated Forum and friends of Christmas.	First of all, Mr. approve and all Christian friends to the forum of Christmas Mubarak. 	First of all, approve the forum and all Christian Friends of the Christmas.
Forum friends: Mr. Saiko, A. Raza, Sister Sana, Sister Shaihda Akram and everyone, greetings.	Forum: Sahib, A. Raza, sister Sana, sister Shahida Akram and courtesy to all.	Colleagues of FORUM: Raza, sister Sana, sister Shahida Akram and all evening. 	Colleagues of the forum: Saeco, Raza, Sana, sister and sister Shahida Akram and etiquette.
We do not want the flames of war, rather the flowers of peace.	We are all want the flowers of peace but not war!	Fires but not the war we all want flowers of peace! 	We all want peace but not the fires of flowers.
War itself is a problem.	As the war itself is an issue	War is, itself a problem 	War itself is a problem
What problems will war solve?	The issue will be resolved.	War will give the solution of the issues 	War will solve the issues
Today it will result in fire and blood.	Fire and blood today.	Fire and blood will today 	Fire and blood today will
Tomorrow it will result in hunger and depravation.	Hunger and will give tomorrow	hunger and poverty will tomorrow 	hunger and poverty will tomorrow
This is why, thoughtful people,	The knowledgeable people	This knowledgeable people for 	Knowledgeable people for
it is better if we keep war at bay,	If war is better.	War we are better. 	War, is better
in your yard and ours.	You and in our area	You and in our area 	And in our area
It's better if we light a candle.	Candle were earlier, better.	candle burning, we are better. 	candle burning, is better
America's relations with India have become quite strong, and India surely knows that if the time comes, America will openly betray Pakistan.	India-US relations are now have very deep and India know that time when America Pakistan Open cheated.	relations India now have very deep impact and India surely knows that time will give the United States open to Pakistan tactics. 	India relations now have very deep, and India is certainly know that time if the United States to open will.
This is also evident from American history.	America is also the old.	Same old also is the United States. 	Of the United States, the old.
And in the case of an Indian attack, America will achieve its goals while India will foot the bill.	In the case of the Indian attack, America will also get their objectives and spent will be India.	When Indian attack in case the United States will also be achieved its objectives and India also will be spent. 	When the Indian attack in the United States will get its objectives and India will be spent.
Pakistan should make it clear that we would not initiate war, but if an invasion takes place, then discussion of treaty, peace, and ceasefire will not take place until India is completely destroyed or occupied, even if this means our own destruction.	Pakistan should not be clear until this time will announce that we will not table but was then compromise talk of peace and ceasefire until India completely destroyed or whether the occupation is not activities for that we do not go destroyed.	Pakistan should clear activity will announce that we will not compromise But then the aggression talk of a ceasefire and peace at this time will not be until India not to completely damaged or take over by not why we ourselves for it, whether it be destroyed. 	Should Pakistan that it will announce that we will not take the initiative, But the aggression, then initiate peace will not be until this time of war and India are not completely damaged or take over whether we ourselves for it, why not be destroyed.
This is Islamic history.	Islamic at.	This is the Islamic history. 	This is the Islamic history.
Even before this resolution came to pass, the Pakistani people and army have conveyed whatever message they wanted to.	Before this resolution, the Pakistani people and the army was the message they give..	Before this resolution was the Pakistani people and army to the message he is given. 	This resolution before the Pakistani people and army to give the message he is given.
India's efforts to gain undue diplomatic and military advantage as a compensation for the Mumbai attacks have made it appear to be a clever, rather than effective, party. This is why, after the initial strong international reaction, now the world has reduced its pressure on Pakistan.	Droll than getting foreign ordinary diplomatic and military issues in the construction of the attacks affected by the Indian efforts are making even, on initial strong international reaction, now the world has reduced pressure on Pakistan..	compensate attacks of the acquisition of extra diplomatic and military benefits in Indian efforts it affected more droll are party even strict international reaction, initially the contrary, now the world is less pressure on Pakistan. 	Attacks In the restitution of diplomatic and military benefits of the achievement of the Indian efforts to more than droll party are even if the initial strong international reaction on the contrary of the world pressure on Pakistan.
Ignoring the needless fuss created by India, the United Nations expression of satisfaction over Pakistan's efforts and Interpol's President's commendation of Pakistani efforts are the fallout of India's diplomatic efforts, rather than its need.	India is ambassador,, than the need for India, therefore, noise, not in a show on their way, the efforts of the United Nations and the head of Interpol to admire the Pakistani efforts.	India presents the unnecessary noises about not transported, The United Nations expressed satisfaction at Pakistan's efforts to Pakistan's efforts, The head of Interpol and praise of the need for more diplomacy India 'side 	Shouting to India for the United Nations, expressed satisfaction at Pakistan's efforts and the international pool, The head of Pakistan's efforts to applaud the diplomacy of the side of the '.
There is no disagreement that this act is an extremely corrupt act.	On this matter, no two opinions that this is a very, very brutal action.	No Two opinion on the fact that this is a very brutal. 	No Two opinion on this matter that this is a very brutal act.
But the question is, when thousands of Taliban attacked the village of Peer Samiullah, where was the Pakistani army, and what was it doing?	But the question is that when thousands of Taliban were attacker on Monday Sami Ullah, where the Pakistani army was and what had been?	But it is a question that when thousands of Taliban Monday attacker were ninety Sami Ullah, where Pakistani army was and was making? 	But the question is that when the attackers were on thousands of Taliban Monday Sami ninety, where the Pakistani army was and what was?
Should the army not be held accountable for whatever it did out there in a whole year?	He was there in a year that should not be the accountability of the Army?	The army should not be accountability that what he did there in one year? 	The accountability of the army should not be in a year that he has done?
How many Taliban are being killed by the thousands of mortars and bombs that they drop everyday?	Many Taliban are killed every day in the thousands, they are mortar and cannon shells?	Every day the thousands of mortar shells of tanks and many of them are uneasy Taliban were killed? 	Every day, which thousands of shells of tanks and mortars in the uneasy with how many Taliban were killed?
I appeal to ISI that they should stop patronizing the Taliban and let us live in peace in the heavenly Swat,	ISI appeals that the patronage of the Taliban to leave and we will live with peace in heaven Benazir Swat.	In S. I. I appeal to that harm should leave supporting Taliban and we in heaven Benazir Swat should live in peace. 	ISI In I appeal to harm the Taliban left and the US in Swat, to live in peace.
and put an end to this fake operation.	To stop this counterfeit operation.	And these fake operation off. 	And the forgery operation.
The day is not far away when a United Nations resolution relating to armed intervention in Pakistan will pass just like the way one was passed against Jamat-ud-Daawa.	In the United Nations, the day is not far when the resolution of military intervention in Pakistan was passed against him as such.	At the United Nations in the day when Pakistan military intervention will have become such as the resolution of the party against the have occurred. 	In the United Nations, the day will come when such resolution of the military intervention in Pakistan as party have against.
Riaz Ahmed Faruqi.	Ahmed Farooqi	Riaz Ahmed Farooqi 	Riaz Ahmed Farooqi
To begin with, our extremists and their supporters themselves are constantly providing proofs and reasons for action against themselves, and whenever such a resolution is passed, there is a great possibility that no one will raise their voice at the United Nations in support of us.	First, we are going to be provided with all the evidence and justification for action against the extremist and his one and not in our favor, that day was also presenting a resolution, the chances are that the voice is also in the United Nations.	First, our extremist and his supporters for his action against the All are being provided and justification and proof the day also such a resolution was presented, all possibilities that have no voice in the United Nations will not got in our right, 	First, all the evidence and the reason for his action against extremists and their supporters are being provided and, the day a resolution was presented, chances are that no voice in the United Nations will not got in our favor.
And even if there is some delay in the passing of the resolution, one country or another will follow the example of America and attack us on their own.	And hypothetically was in this resolution to be passed, the example of America in front, there is no power under self help. Both will run.	This resolution and accepting the delay, in the United States were placed before any example of his power will increasingly run under the help. 	And accepting this time in the possession of the resolution, the example of the United States, no one will run under the help of any power.
We do not have much familiarity with the personality and achievements of Peer Samiullah and we do not have information about what his activities were.	In Allah and achievements and information, we may not have to.	Sami Monday of God's personality and achievements We do not Information AND Knowledge THAT The activities WERE. 	Sami Monday with God's personality and achievements we have knowledge AND Information THAT The activities OF this.
Probably he was not a revolutionary.	He was not a revolutionary.	Perhaps he was no revolutionary. 	They were not a revolutionary.
The way Comrade Che Guevara, Nawab Akbar Khan Bugti, Dr. Najibullah, and the bodies of thousands of dead revolutionaries have been desecrated at the hands of the enemies.	Way, Nawab Bugti, Dr. has been at the hands of the enemies of God and thousands of dead bodies.	Comrade chairman, which Nawab Bugti, Dr. Najib and thousands of dead bodies of revolutionaries of the disgraced by the enemy. 	Which comrade, The chairman of the, Nawab Bugti, Dr. Najib desecration of thousands of dead bodies of the revolutionaries and the enemy's hands.
They are immortal even after death.	Die if they are are also imperative.	He also action are dying. 	They are also condemned to die.
But here, an international game is being played. Here, people are being ruled by fear, inculcated through barbarism and bestiality.	But, a being the international, people from the horror and brutality is being intimidated by the government.	But here, one international game is being played here, horror and brutality to the people being afraid of the rule. 	But there is an international game being played here, horror and brutality people afraid of the rule.
This is to justify their rule; that is, if they do not rule then such barbarians and beasts will rule.	Could that have created the justification that we will not come to such inhuman and then government &quot;.	So could be created the reason that if we will not, such inhuman and will occupy the coming government. 	So that the reason could be that if we will create such inhuman and government will.
This act, which has been performed by Islamists in the name of religion, is highly condemnable.	Naming the religion of Islam, this action is highly condemnable unduly.	Called Islam in the name of religion is condemned by the movement militants. 	Called on the name of Islam the movement of militants.
The supporters of these extremists can see the tyranny of America, but instead of feeling sorry about such acts, they excuse them by labeling them as tribal customs.	Supporters of these extremists are on the oppression of the United States, England, but instead of grief over the brutal actions like this, they give the name of the tribal traditions, clean border are fish.	Supporters of these extremists are seen cruelty to the United States, But instead of brutal actions like this sorry they named as tribal traditions 2 clean mining fish. 	These extremists, the supporters of the oppression of the United States, and they like it, But instead of regret on the brutal actions they named as tribal traditions. clean mining fish.
No sensitive person can cover such a brutal act in the name of tribal customs, or in the name of religion.	The cloak of tribal traditions close, sometimes with the name of Islam, the heart of any person for this kind of brutal action could not have it.	Scares tribal traditions of Capote end a name of Islam and the reason of this barbaric action can not be any near the heart. 	Scares tribal traditions of Capote end with the name of Islam The reason of this type of barbaric action may not be to the heart.
I think people from our armed forces are in cahoots with them.	In my opinion, the people of our army to get these people.	I think our army has met with his people. 	I think the people of our army found with them.
When these people move from one place to another, it takes some time, during which they can be captured. But the army leaves the place, even if it's there, let alone capturing them during their movement.	He felt that when they do move noted, it is time, cost, so it will be enough for, but so far to the occasion if they are also there, there are darn cycle.	They do that when the people, they move in this time, is close to catch it, so much for the reach on occasion, but he will be away, if they are there, There are darn cycle. 	So that when the people are in this time, close to catch it, will be the timetable, But they go on, if they are there, the darn from there.
Are those people so fearless that they keep 50 to 70 people as hostages and our army watches the show?	Do they see as the spectators are so powerful that they are abducted 50 70 men, and our army will hand on hand.	What these people so that they are brave 50 to 70 men as hostage and our forces hand its hands is like spectators to watch it. 	These people so that they are brave 50 to 70 men hostage and our army as supporting this is like the spectators.
They are creatures of Allah, and so is our army.	They are also human beings of Allah and army.	They are virtues of Allah, and the army. 	The Servants of Allah and the army.
It's clear that there is something fishy going on.	It is obvious that some pulse is black.	Is clear that pulse in some Kala. 	It is clear that in the black.
The great dictator of his time, Zia-ul-Haq, due to his authoritarianism, instead of highlighting the compassionate and merciful attributes of God, created an atmosphere of fear and terror for the faith through the discussions of the variety of forms of God's wrath and punishments. The incidence of the hanging corpse and books titled "What Will Happen After Death" produce fear and terror.	Like, dictator like contrast to highlight and mode of God from the period of time, and to set up the atmosphere of fear in the name of religion is seen in this body will be after the death of their and, besides the incident. The books are not created fear.	Ziaul Haq deserve the time away from the dictatorship of God graciousness and graciousness contrary to highlight the qualities of the kinds of and in the name of religion from set up the atmosphere of fear seen. this is in addition to the body incident and literature chanting 'books like' what will happen after the death also fear created. 	priestcraft, time Ziaul, graciousness and God's mercifulness during the dictatorship of the qualities of the kinds of and of fear in the name of religion, set up the atmosphere has seen the dead body in the incident of literature and the books like 'will be made after the death of Created.
And these people are using fear and terror as the tools for obtaining worldly profits, gains, and grandeur.	And his people are doing this fear as a tool or just and execution of dignity and Jalal.	And they just worldly and fear the dignity and for Jalal as equipment or are using the. 	And only the worldly and dignity and the fear of Jalal as equipment or are using.
Waazu!	&quot;!		'!
You are the one who planted the fear of hell fire among all.	Fire from Hell where it to you.	hell you to where it is threatened 	hell to you, It is threatened
You became the face of fear itself.	That itself became a situation of fear.	'The case of fear that became itself 	himself became the fear '
It's amazing when it is said that this cannot be the work of a Muslim.	Is when it is said that this work could not be a Muslim.	It is surprising when it is said that this is not the work of any Muslim can be. 	surprising when it is said that this can not be a Muslim.
We are ignorant of our own history, or we intentionally do not want to face it?	We are at their own or witnesses are not reconciliation.	We ourselves are from history itself or eye to hide. 	We themselves from history or to ignore.
After the demise of the Prophet, due to the refusal to take the oath of allegiance, the door to his daughter's house was set fire, and who put a noose around her husband's neck, and dragged him around?	Daughter refused after a closed door of the Prophet have continuously in the head and her husband had embraced in line put who walked with?	Wisal after Prophet refused on Rasool of closed door ablaze and see what the embraced her husband who was riding with dragged put a guy in? 	Wisal declined after the Prophet on prophet who has seen the closed door fire and her husband in the guy who dragged him out?
Were they outsiders?	Have they had come from outside?	Whether they had come from outside anywhere? 	They came from outside?
Was the attack of the army of Yazeed on Madina, or the incidence of Karbala the work of the Hindus or the Jews?	On the army and Karbala. and that was laid?	Yazid of Medina on army invasions and Karbala was the axis of cronies and assuaged? 	Medina on army invasion of Yazid and Since the Karbala cronies and assuaged of?
Without accepting the truth, the motives have neither been understood, nor have they been addressed.	The facts are made without motives were removed not surrender. out.	Facts without accept motives away, nor has countered. 	Facts without accepting the motives are not countered.
BBC, end your two-faced policy!	BBC&apos;s policy demanded closed.	BBC closed dual policy. 	BBC Walt dual policy closed.
A better topic than this: "Was it appropriate to hit Bush with shoes or not?"	Better than this topic super hit titled: &quot;If Bush shoes were legitimate or illegitimate?	Better Super title away from this topic: 'Bush was legitimate or illegitimate impact shoes? 	This topic with better Super title: 'Bush of the shoes were legitimate or illegitimate?
"Should it have happened?"	&quot;preferably.	'should be. 	'should be
Tahir Chaudhry, Japan.	, Japan	Japan 	, Japan
Friend, show some shame. A man was dug out of a grave and hanged on a pole because he raised his voice against injustice, and all you can think of is the topic of the box office.	A man with a delegation from the grave out electricity been specific means that it has raised his voice against the oppression, and you have been lying on the topic of the box office.	Yar some grave to man a shame out from poles have been lingering from projects that it has raised voice against the atrocity, and you is lying to the topic of box office. 	Yar some shame, A man out of the grave electric was specific projects that have raised voice against the oppression, and the subject of box office is lying to you.
For Operation Lionheart's success, and its success on the other side of the border depends on which side the common people are inclined to support.	Depending on the other side of the border and the line of depends on it, is that the public opinion is in favor of what.	lion-hearted operation for the success of the operation and the second to border line depends on the success of depends on is that who is in favor of the ordinary people. 	lion-hearted operation for the success of the operation on the other side of the border and the Line of success, depends on the incident is in favor of the opinion of the common people.
This is the work of American and Pakistani agencies and friend Peer has been a victim of their scheme.	This step is only and Pakistani bomb and are while facing the conspiracy in person.	It is the American and Pakistani agencies and Monday, have been a victim of a conspiracy. 	This step is American and Pakistani agencies and Monday, was the victim of a conspiracy.
All the comments made in this forum now will be against the Taliban, because secret agents have successfully infiltrated the ranks of the Taliban and are taking steps to change public opinion.	In this forum, now because all discussions will be based on the Taliban opposition, secret had been included in the Taliban. And they are steps which could change the opinion of the common people.	Now in this forum will be based on all the Taliban opposition comment because the secret to success in the Taliban have been included the common people, and they are taking actions which could change opinion. 	Comments in this forum will be based on the Taliban because the secret to success in the Taliban have been included those steps could change the opinion of the common people.
What I would like to ask is that while this dead body was hanging there for a whole day, what were the soldiers doing there? Do they only sit there to target civilians? And then the way they issue a statement like this - "Taliban hideouts attacked, a mother and her three kids killed when the house was bombed."	Then only in his search for a whole day when that it was the body, the army. The statement that he has only target the common people, there are also some so they are &quot;bombardment on the whereabouts of Taliban, house shells, two children and their mother, were killed.&quot;	In, The only question be recommended kidnapping that when the body reactor for a full day, the army was what the common people, only make a target bananas There are who also Some this statement, The bombardment on the whereabouts of houses to collapse 2 children killed and his mother 	In only ask to be kidnapping that when a whole day for the body reactor, the army was the only people to make new there some statement that this is' bombardment on the whereabouts of Taliban, due to his mother and two children, were killed.
Did they not know about this square?	That was not address in this area about?	did not know about this Chowk of 	The did not know about the trip?
Or were they watching the show?	Or sport was?	Or was looking fun? 	Or was the sport?
We plead and beg for God's sake, put an end to this game.	We are already hand manipulation and credit and prayer that God is stopped.	We wish hand manipulation and request that closed the game to secure God. 	By the hand and request that God to secure the game off.
Lest you forget there is also someone who is watching over you.	Finally, you are on a ruling.	Above the end you also a ruling. 	Are you a ruling on the end.
A question was put forth by BBC whether appropriate or not, but the superficiality of it was disheartening. For instance, no one asked the question as to what the 30,000 armed troops in Swat have gone there to accomplish.	The question was asked by the BBC is sorry to see superficialness of those writing may be reasonable, for example, a question has been asked not to have 30 thousand troops present in Swat?	question was asked by the BBC, of those writing a reasonable not be sorry to see it is, for example, a question has not asked that 30 thousand in Swat army has to do? 	Was Asked by the BBC Question may not be good writing It is sad to see the superficialness, for example, The question has not asked that 30 thousand soldiers in Swat to do?
The corpses of those who fight the Taliban and support the army dangle all day long from the poles.	The bodies of those who help the army to fight the Taliban are always on poles throughout the day.	The army to help the Taliban fight throughout the day of the dead bodies of those on Poles. 	The bodies of those who fight with Taliban backer of the army Poles throughout the day on.
Whatever was done to the people of Swat by the cursed Pakistani army they did. But the media, including the BBC, did not do any good by hiding the truth from the world.	Swati with people over the next step that the Pakistani Army, but the media, including the BBC, the world is not good to keep the actual reality anonymous.	Swati green step with the people, what the Pakistani army, but media including the BBC World, to put a real knowledge from the reality is not good. 	Swati green step with the people of the Pakistani army has what, what, but media including the BBC has also did not maintain a good knowledge of the reality to the real world.
The Pakistani army is staging a play.	The Pakistani army is drama.	Pakistani army drama. 	The Pakistani army drama.
Every child of Swat is saying that this is a bloody drama.	Swat that every child is that this is a bloody drama.	Swat child that is that this is a bloody drama. 	Swat child that is that this is a bloody drama.
For God's sake, end the drama.	The bus. drama.	drama will harm. 	Pay bus drama.
These Taliban have given Muslims a bad name.	The Taliban had bad place as the name of the Muslims.	Taliban them by name the bad of the Muslims. 	The Taliban have the name of the Muslims.
If true Muslims in the whole world do not consider them Muslims, then why do these terrorists find refuge in their own area?	In the whole world, if true Muslims say not to them, these terrorists in their area to find a place.	If true Muslims all over the world in the area of them if they do not say why place to these terrorists. 	If true Muslims in the whole world not say why these terrorists to place in the area.
Those who have become shameless, who do not want to work hard, get guns and join their groups.	Bin who are feeling are labor wages which are included in the group are not carrying a gun.	becomes the honor of which are hard to do not pay heavy gun, They are included in the group. 	Which becomes the honor to work hard and do not pay the guns are included in the group.
Islam did not come about by force using a gun or a sword.	Islam is not with the power of the gun or sword.	guns or stressed the sword of Islam has not. 	Gun or the sword of Islam.
You should be ashamed.	Shame demanded.	Shame. 	Shame.
The answer to this cannot be found in any religion or any family tradition.	The reason is not in on is not in any other religion.	Its not justify is not in any family traditions in any religion. 	Its justification is not in any religion in a family tradition.
The whole media, including the BBC, is speculating about the Taliban and the tribes using different sources.	Their comments from various sources about all the Taliban and tribes, including the BBC.	Including all BBC media about the Taliban and tribes his commentary from different sources. 	Media including the BBC and Taliban, about his comments from various sources.
But nobody knows what the actual situation is. We know, because we ourselves are tribesmen.	But the address on the situation. It is not a situation that time. If we know because we are tribal.	But a real situation not only to know that what is right situation, we know because we are tribal. 	To know the real situation, but it is not right situation, we know because we are tribal.
In short, this is a game in which the CIA, RAW, Mosad, and our own ISI are involved. There are no Taliban or tribesmen; there are terrorist who have been created to give a bad name to Islam, Taliban, Madrasahs, Pashtun people, tribes and the tribal customs.	There is not a student in summary, is that it is a, they are not included the C. A., came to a RAW, and our own tribal it are these rebellions elements who are defamed Islam, Taliban, schools, Pashtun people, tribes and tribal.	Briefly that it is a game, crashed envoy, raw, and our crashed nor any students have included an ISI is not tribal these miscreants Islam, schools, Pashtun, Taliban elements who are nation, are maligned tribes and tribal traditions. 	posed a play that has succumbed to the crashed, a raw, and our own crashed an ISI are no student is not the tribal of bad elements, who are Taliban, schools, Pashtun people, tribes and tribal traditions are notorious.
This behavior has brought shame to the Muslims.	With this move, the head of all Muslims were petulancy with shame?	All Muslims with the movement's head in shame nonsense. 	With this move, head of all Muslims.
I salute MQM's chief Altaf Husain, ANP, and PPP, who are speaking up about this cancer. i.e. the Taliban.	In presenting leader Hussein A. P and P. P. I are talking against against the Taliban.	MQM leader in Hussain to BNP and the leadership of the PPP I present a slam to which it against cancer, speaking against the Taliban. 	MQM, Altaf Hussain, The leader of the ANC and the leadership of the PPP I salute against this cancer, is against the Taliban.
This cancer is a product of Zia-ul-Haq. He died, but ruined Pakistan.	It is, they were then, but Pakistan were also destroyed.	Zia ul Haq, he himself is production of this cancer, but Pakistan was also were destroyed. 	Cancer is a product of Zia ul Haq, Pakistan but he himself, were also destroyed.
But I am hopeful that the present leadership will eliminate this cancer.	But in the present that I will end this.	But I am hopeful that the present leadership will end the cancer. 	But I am hopeful that the present leadership to end this cancer.
India, after the Mumbai attacks, has declared that a few extremist elements from Pakistan were involved in them.	After the attacks in Mumbai, India said that behind these attacks, Pakistan is the hand of some extremist elements.	After the Mumbai attacks, India said that these attacks behind Pakistan has played some of the extremist elements. 	India said that Pakistan is behind these attacks after the Mumbai attacks Some of the extremist elements.
Pakistan has refuted these allegations, saying that it will provide as much help to India in the investigations as it can.	Pakistan has denied the charges and said that he will help India in investigation in every way.	Pakistan has denied the charges and said that he will take every possible help for India in the investigation. 	Pakistan has denied the charges and said that he will take every possible help in the investigation.
India has stated that it has given a list of twenty suspected terrorists to Pakistan who are wanted by India.	India has said that it has given a list to Pakistan, in which they are given the name of 20 suspected extremists, who wanted to India.	India has said that it has given Pakistan a list of suspected extremists in which his base are given name, who are required to India. 	said that India has given Pakistan a list in which they are given the names of suspected extremists, who are wanted by India.
Now Pakistan has said that Jaish-e-Mohammad's leader Maulana Masood Azhar, who is also included in this list, has not been detained and the Pakistani government has no information about him.	Now, Pakistan has said that head of the Jaish-e-Mohammad, Maulana Masood Azhar included in this list are not detained and the government of Pakistan has no information about them.	Now in Pakistan has said that the list included Mohammad and are not suspects Maulana Masood Azhar, head of the Pakistan government has NO Information ABOUT Him. 	Pakistan has said that Maulana Masood Azhar, head of US Mohammed included in the list are not suspects and There Is no Information about The government in Pakistan.
Earlier, Pakistan's president Asif Ali Zardari dismissed the impression that western secret service agencies and the Indian government have provided proofs about the Mumbai attacks to Pakistan.	Earlier, Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari has been rejected the impression that Western intelligence agencies and the Indian government has provided evidence about the Mumbai attacks.	Before this, Asif Ali Zardari, The President of Pakistan rejected this impression that Western intelligence agencies and the Indian government to Pakistan provided evidence related to the Mumbai attacks. 	Prior to this, Asif Ali Zardari, The President of Pakistan has rejected the impression that Western intelligence agencies and the Indian government to provide evidence about the Mumbai attacks.
President Zardari said that whether Ajmal Kasab is from Pakistan or not hasn't been proved yet.	About Ajmal butcher, the President said that it was not yet proved that he is Pakistani.	President Ajmal Butcher, said that it was not proved that he is a Pakistani. 	President Zardari Ajmal Butcher said that it has not been proven that they are Pakistani.
Meanwhile, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has warned Pakistan that its relations with India cannot improve while it keeps using India's land for terrorist activities.	Meanwhile, Prime Minister Singh said Pakistan has warned that it could not improve relations with India until then unless there, head of the land will be used for terrorism.	During this Prime Minister Manmohan Singh warned Pakistan that its relations with India should still can not improve until the land there will be used for terrorism. 	During this time, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh warned Pakistan that India's relations with still better can not as long as the land will be used for terrorism.
And in the recent developments, the Indian cricket team has cancelled its tour to Pakistan.	And the latest progress in India and cricket team has canceled a visit to Pakistan.	And India In the latest progress of the Pakistan cricket team has cancelled his visit. 	And the latest developments in India cricket team has cancelled his visit to Pakistan.
Should these political events affect sports?	Should these political incidents affect sports lie?	Do they affect sports political incidents should occur? 	His Political Influence On the SPORTS SHOULD occur?
How do you see the future of the relations between Pakistan and India?	You have the future of relations between Pakistan and India.	You see the future of relations of Pakistan and India are? 	You see the future of relations between Pakistan and India.
Pakistan would be broken neither by America, nor by India.	Pakistan not broke America will not.	Pakistan nor America wo India. 	Pakistan to the United States will not India.
Pakistanis themselves would break Pakistan.	The Pakistani himself.	Pakistani will himself on Pakistan. 	Pakistan, The Pakistani.
What do you expect after so much provincialism and sectarianism?	Such a communal expects and after you have?	So regionalism after sectarian and what you have. 	So after sectarian and priestcraft regionalism what you expect.
Time has also proved that Jinnah did not do any good to the Muslims of India.	The Jinnah has also proved with Muslims have not good at this time.	Though the Jinnah did not also good with the Muslims of India has proved this time. 	Though Jinnah has also proved not this time with the Muslims of India.
Yasmin, Chicago.	Yasmin, Hires	Yasmin, Chicago 	Yasmin, Chicago
Madam, had work continued on the vision of Mr. Jinnah, neither the cancer of provincialism, nor sectarianism would have spread in Pakistan, and India would not have treated Muslims like this.	Mrs. if Jinnah lived continued work on his vision, not provincialism, and priestcraft cancer spread in Pakistan nor is such behavior with Muslims in India.	Mrs. If Mr. Jinnah regionalism, not on the vision of continues work, and cancer in Pakistan and not treated it with the Muslims in India. 	Mrs. if Jinnah continues work on his vision, not regionalism, and priestcraft cancer in Pakistan and not treated with Muslims in India.
But the fault lies with us that we could not create a leader like him.	But our fault is that they could not create a leader of such stature.	But our mistake is that they could not as a leader of height. 	But our mistake is that they could not create a leader.
If we cannot value our heroes than	We could not, if the amount of their heroes	We can not if the value of their heroes, 	If we can not the value of their heroes
This region does have a lot of talent.	In this region, are many.	Many qualities in the region. 	There are many capabilities in the region.
God knows when they will get smart and when this region will prosper with the blessing of unity.	Only God knows how long will come to mind, and with the blessing of the consensus, it should develop the region.	God knows when intelligence will come and blessing of agreed development to the region. 	God knows when wisdom and agreed with the blessing of the development of the region.
In both countries, mullahs, pundits, Taliban, Shiv Sena, RSS, etc. have been mobilized to oppose peace.	Mullah, philosopher, Taliban, in both countries, a R. were against a, peace...	Found in both countries, pundit, Taliban, Shiv Sena, R. S. S. others have been prepared, the enemy of peace. 	In both countries, pundit, Taliban, Shiv Sena, RSS, the enemy of peace have been prepared.
And the forces of tyranny do not want this region to prosper with peace, so they make these countries dance to their tune.	And not wished that it should progress with the peace of the region so these countries is the puppet dance.	powers and not want that this region will develop with the peace so puppet dance to their countries is being 	And powers that this region with the peace progress, therefore, these countries to small round.
Can you imagine what position this region would occupy in the world if Pakistan, India, and China were to come to an agreement?	You can imagine that agreed with the area of Pakistan, India and China will be a place in the world....	Do you can imagine that agreed with the area of Pakistan and India and China will be a place in the World. 	You can imagine that this area with Pakistan, India and China will be a place in the World.
The curse of God has fallen on Pakistan as thieves, plunderers, and blackmailers have been imposed on the country as leaders.	On Pakistan, God is torture as the thieves, robbers and imposed on the nation..	On Pakistan, God is the punishment of thieves and robbers militants to otherwise leader has imposed on the nation. 	Pakistan is the punishment of God, the thieves and robbers otherwise the militants on the Leader of the nation.
May Allah always keep our country Pakistan safe. Amen.	God should never on our country Pakistan did not, a fire.	God will never any did not affect our country on Pakistan, Amen. 	God will not affect our country on Pakistan, Amen.
But Sir, open your eyes and look around at the ground realities, and you will realize to what point the American forces have reached!	But a person opened its surrounding circumstances and facts, you will come to see that where forces are reached.	But Sahib, little the situation around their own eyes and see ground realities, you should come see where that U.S. forces would have been reached. 	But the little eyes open around the situation and see the facts on the ground, you will find that where US forces have been reached.
Apart from this, the national situation also does not look right. The situation in NWFP, Balochistan, and Karachi in Sindh is right in front of you.	Besides that, national issues are also not been in place, the situation of Frontier, Balochistan and Sindh and Karachi are in front of you.	Besides it national issues are also coming not correct, border, also the Karachi in Sindh and Baluchistan are in front of you. 	This foreign affairs also are not correct, border situation of Karachi in Sindh and Baluchistan, in front of you.
In such circumstances, the country needs a leader who can unite us as a nation.	The situation in the country is the need for a trial that we could make a United Nation.	In such a situation, the country needs a leader who is we could make a united nation. 	In such a situation, A leader of the country we need to make a united nation.
Oh Allah, have mercy on us.	Or God forgive mercy on us.	Or mercy Allah we respond. 	Or the mercy of God.
I think there is no option but a final war.	Ching without a final war is not a remedy.	I think one of the last war without no way. 	I think is no way without a war.
Enough is enough.	A bus has.	Has bus. 	Enough is enough already.
It should go this way or the other.	Now, the issue should only be be R. or overseas.	Register now issue should be or across it. 	Now the issue should be or Cross.
These hypocritical pretensions of having a dialog will not solve any problem.	His talks with hypocritical will not solve the problem.	The talks issue will not be solved. 	Talks issued the will not solve the problem.
Neither will small acts of terrorism in each other's countries.	Not only a small marginal terrorists in other countries.	Not only with small bumper terror in each other's countries. 	Small terror in each other's countries.
After all, Europe only calmed down after the last World War.	End to Europe, it was only after the last war fighting.	To end Europe also declared after the last great fight, occurred. 	End to Europe, was declared after the last great war.
Had this great war not taken place, they would have been bickering like Pakistan and India do till today.	And it was not war is it all the altercation altercation like Pakistan and India have only been till today.	And it also was not great, this war until today like Pakistan and India's altercation are doing altercation. 	And this war was not great, all the altercation altercation of Pakistan and India Today.
India, as a consequence of the Mumbai attacks,	We all agree on this matter are that the country should be the elimination of terrorism and communal.	Our almost all political parties they agreed on the fact that should be elimination of terrorism from the country and sectarian. 	Our almost all the political parties agree on mine that should be an end to terrorism and sectarianism from the country.
tension has resulted in relations with Pakistan and the current improvement in the relations between both the countries gained over the years has been setback.	But our army do not be sincere in this work, had a hand, America and Europe, that is the act of terrorism in this war, we are with you, on the other hand, the secret of the Taliban are to help.	But do not see our sincere military leadership in this work, on the one hand, The United States and Europe are assured that we are with you in this war of terrorism on the other hand, Taliban intelligence, help. 	But do not see our sincere in military leadership, on the one hand, The United States and Europe has been assured that we are with you in this war against terrorism, On the other hand, the Taliban also help.
India has constantly held the militant and non-militant groups in Pakistan accountable.	We now think it and its direction is to choose the path of their people and only one, Automic	We think now is to fix its direction and the only one has to choose, thanks to the way 	We think now is to determine its direction and only one is to choose the path of, thanks
The return of the relations to normality is being attributed to the action that was taken against these groups.	There is no doubt in the fact that the majority among the party is only those members of Lashkar-e-that-were included in the party set up by the name of the Jamaat-i-Pakistan after to cater as null and void.	is in no doubt that this party majority in battalion, which is host of the Mujahideen activists of the Mujahideen freezes absolve the party after established by the name of Pakistan were included in a party, 	This is no doubt that the majority of these workers of the army in the audio, declared that the army freezes to the audio Pakistan were included in the name of the party,
Meanwhile, Indian security organizations have directly accused Lashkar-e-Tayaba for being the perpetrator of the Mumbai attacks.	However, then these workers has given preference to the relief work and UN has quashing it on the insistence upon India and Pakistan were also continue its crackdown against them.	However, after their workers preferred to the relief work and now India strongly stressed on the insistence on The United Nations has also declared banned and continue his crackdown against the Pakistan Government,. 	However after the workers preferred to the relief work and now India strongly demand the United Nations to continue crackdown against them and the government of Pakistan has also banned.
In relation to this, Jamiat-ud-Daawa's name is also being brought up again and again.	In my opinion, if the hardline groups left religious extremism, religious and relief activities continue, better.	In my opinion if the jihadi groups religious left religious extremism and relief efforts continue, the better. 	In my opinion, if the jihadi groups, religious extremism and religious and relief operations continue, the better.
This is not the first time that the relations between both countries have been strained by some terrorist activity in India.	In Pakistan, there are organisations who keep young people, Paul young military crimes in the name of Jihad? and they are saying, big, are those who have to go to Pakistan and..	organizations in Pakistan who professionalism in the name of jihad and criminals are Paul keep it have the same 'big' to Pakistan are and what to say. 	In Pakistan organizations who in the name of jihad professionalism criminals Paul people have this and of 'big' are the same which And what to say.
In December 2001, after the attack on the Indian parliament, both countries had come to the brink of a war.	Now it left not a stone in Pakistan to be destroyed.	Now in Pakistan to left no stone. 	Now leaving no stone to Pakistan.
Following this, in 2002, Lashkar-e-Tayaba was banned and its name was added to the list of terrorist groups.	In fact, this Muslim, have not entitled to human.	Real Muslims, in the human not entitled to. 	In this Muslim, human not entitled to.
Now there is a demand to ban Jamiat-ud-Daawa, which, according to security analysts, is the new face of Lashkar-e-Tayaba.	Pakistan were free from the rebels without national security in danger.	Pakistan without their free from insurgents to national security will be in danger. 	Pakistan from insurgents without national security will be in danger.
In your opinion, should this group be banned or not?	That is still has a capacity of thinking that they should not banned?	What is still capacity to think that they should be banned? not that 	Was still think the capacity of the NOT BE BANNED?
Should Pakistan carry out a decisive operation against the hot-headed extremist groups that are active on its land?	Fanatical&apos;s place in the world is not only work to kill.	fanatic place anywhere in the world is not the work murder tournaments. 	fanatic are no place anywhere in the world of work is murder.
Can the banning of Jamiat-ud-Dawa and the current India-	The heart from this news is a thief.	This news from heart a thief is a thief. 	This news with the thief is be a thief.
Pak crisis be evaded, and how important is it for armed groups to be abolished for stable peace between the two nations?	It what is a world where an important member of God that Islam also called today for the parties, it is difficult to survive in the world.	In Islam that this is what world where today an important member of taking the name also is very difficult to survive in this for the world. 	This what the world is an important member of the religion of Islam that is difficult to live in this world today for the name.
Almost all of our political parties agree that terrorism and sectarianism should end in the country.	Non-Muslim, can kill Muslims, but if the Muslim should also try to take revenge, all non-Muslim world, together with his all hypocrite ruler, sincere and true religion do the same treatment with pain to those who are with our great leader Hafiz Saeed today.	Muslim, they can kill Muslims, but also try to take revenge if the Muslim, with all the Muslim world's all his hypocrite ruling also a true and sincere people of the grief of the same religion, who treated today are with our great leader Hafiz Saeed. 	Non Muslim can kill Muslims, but also try to take revenge if Muslim, all of the Muslim world, with all its insincere ruling also get the same treatment as the pain of honest and sincere, who are with our great leader Hafiz Saeed.
But our armed forces leadership does not seem sincere about this. On the one hand, America and Europe are assured that we are with them in this war against terrorism. On the other, the Taliban are also secretly provided with help.	Mumbai, India in retaliation of the attacks.	Price of Mumbai attacks in India. 	Revenge of the attacks in Mumbai, India.
Now we have to think and make a decision about our direction and choose only one way. Thanks.	Pakistan has been created bitterness in relations and the future improvements in recent years in the relations between the two countries is a severe shock.	Pakistan ties in bitterness has been created and the relationship between the two countries, imposed a severe blow to the improvement in recent years. 	Born in ties between Pakistan and a severe blow to the improvement in relations between the two countries in recent years.
There is no doubt that a majority of the active members of Lashkar-e-Tayaba joined Jamiat-ud-Daawa after Lashkar-e-Tayaba was banned.	India is responsible to active military and non-military groups in Pakistan	India continuous military and military groups active in Pakistan is to hold responsible 	India is hold responsible for military and foreign military groups active in Pakistan
After that these activists gave priority to providing aid, and on the strong insistence of India, the United Nations has banned it, too, and the Pakistani Government has also continued to crackdown against them.	And the relationship is being on action against these groups to return to normal.	And coming back on normal relations to be conditional on action against these groups is. 	And the relations would return to normal is being linked to the action against these groups.
I think it would be much better if these Jihadi groups abandon religious extremism and continue with religious and welfare activities.	While Indian security agencies has settled force directly responsible for the Mumbai attacks	While Indian security institutions for the Mumbai attacks force is directly responsible Nepalese Mujahideen 	While the Indian security agencies for the Mumbai attacks, stayed to directly responsible.
This is heart-breaking news.	In this regard, repeated party&apos;s name is also a front joy.	Repeatedly party in this regard, the name of front also wow. 	, in this regard, before the name of joy.
What a world this is that makes life miserable for someone who invokes an important principle of Islam, the religion of Allah.	This is not the first time that relations between the two countries due to any terrorist action in India was serious.	This is not the first time that India is a terrorist operation in the relations between the two countries due to be serious. 	This is not the first time that any terrorist action in India because of the relations between the two countries have been serious.
Non-Muslims can kill Muslims, but if Muslims even try to take revenge, then the whole non-Muslim world together with our hypocrite leaders treats those who are honest and selfless and who care for the religion as they are treating our great leader Hafiz Saeed today!	The two neighbours arrived on the brink of war after the attack on the Indian Parliament in December two thousand one.	The attack on Indian parliament in December 2002 after the two neighboring were on the brink of war. 	After the attack on the Indian parliament in December 2001, The two neighboring on the brink of war.
The terrorist organizations present in Pakistan that have been sustaining criminals in the name of Jihad, they and the leaders of these Mullahs are the same people who call Pakistan land of the filthy and other bad names.	After that, year 2000 banned Lashkar-e-in two and it was included in the list of terrorist groups.	Two Army in 2002, after the Mujahideen and imposed ban on it was included in the list of terrorist groups. 	Since then, banned in 2002 and was included in the list of terrorist groups.
Now they are not leaving any stone unturned to destroy Pakistan.	Now, on the party, about which the security analyst says that is the new shape of Lashkar-e-in fact, ban is being demanded.	Now party on in which security analyst, says that the real power in the Mujahideen is new shape, ban is being demanded. 	Now party, in which security analyst, says that in the new feature, is being demanded the ban.
Actually, far from being called Muslims, they do not deserve even to be called humans.	Do you think this group should be banned or not?	In your opinion, should be imposed the ban on the group or not? 	In your opinion, should be imposed the ban on the group or not?
Without ridding Pakistan of these trouble-makers, national security is in danger.	Also Pakistan should take decisive action against extremist groups active on its soil?	Pakistan have active on its soil should take decisive action against extremist groups? 	Pakistan should take decisive action against active extremist groups on its soil?
Is there still a need to think about whether or not these conflict instigators should be banned?	Do the current India to ban on Jamaat.	The party present to ban imposed on India. 	The party imposed ban on the present to India.
There is no place in the world for such violent Mullahs whose job is only to kill.	This crisis is get out of the way and armed groups for a lasting peace between the two countries is much needed to be closed?	Pakistan crisis can get out of the way and lasting peace between the two countries for the armed groups of how is necessary to be stopped? 	Pakistan crisis can get out of the way and the stop of armed groups for the lasting peace between the two countries is how necessary?
The United Nations Security Council has banned Jamiat-ud-Daawa. After all, what proof does the Security Council have that it acted in such a hurry?	The UN Security Council has imposed a ban on the party, and the Security Council have evidence that are shown such speed on this?	The United Nations Security Council has imposed ban on the party end, have the evidence on which the Security Council seems so hurry? 	Of the UN Security Council, The party has imposed a ban on the end of the Security Council, the evidence on which so the hurry?
Doesn't the Security Council always act expeditiously against Muslims?	Have no activity against Muslims, not the Security Council?	The Security Council not always so activity against the Muslims? 	No activity against Muslims in the Security Council?
This is called the nonchalant plaintiff and the zealous witness!	They are saying that the slow witness smart!	Witness says that plaintiff slow, smart it! 	It says that the plaintiff witness slowly forward.
One can observe that India itself has become a failed state!	Next, then India has become a failed itself!	India would be viewed itself has become a failed state. 	If India itself has become a failed state.
Those whose intelligence, army, and other security agencies have failed, who were kept helpless by a few the terrorists for 72 hours, and India wants to fool the entire world by blaming its failure on Pakistan.	Of which, the army and other institutions have failed, for 72 hours at the hands of a few terrorists are round. and put on Pakistan, India accused of his failure is giving deceptive to the entire world.	Intelligence, the army and other security institutions which have failed. few 72 hours in the hands of the terrorists, who are far dance dance and India accused Pakistan of its failure This is giving up the entire world on tactics. 	The intelligence, the army and other security institutions have failed, which some terrorists in the hands of the 72 hours of dance, dance and India accused Pakistan of this failure at the world has been deceived.
When a non-Muslim is killed, there is hue and cry in the whole world. Why this double standard?	This song is taking noise in the whole world and be a dissident murder?	A non murder be noise in the whole world are liable why the double standards? 	A dissident murder be noise in the whole world is liable why the double standard?
The only non-political, religious, welfare organization of our beloved country --------	Country Aziz only, and welfare organization, 3-3, 3-6, 3-3.	Only the country welfare organization. 	To only of our country,, welfare organization.
Furqan Faruq, Faisalabad.	Furqan Farooq, Abdul,	Furqan Farooq, Faisalabad 	Furqan Farooq, Faisalabad
During the time of our Prophet (PBUH), saints, and sufis, when love and respect for all humans prevailed, the religion of Islam spread peacefully and flourished.	Means, Islam, peace was quite satisfied and until our (), and all the people love and respect.	Until our prophet Saint scholars and all people to respect and love, so Islam with and spread 	Until our Mir the Prophet, Saint scholars and all people love and respect Islam, peace to spread and.
Muslims also progressed in all areas.	Muslims have also the development in every opportunity.	Muslims also every development in the field. 	Muslims in every field of development.
But when this beautiful religion went into the hands of extremism, men started differentiating between Muslims and non-Muslims, and new chapters of conflict and controversy started to open, which the world was not aware of before this.	This beautiful climed captured us in Benares blasphemous and started a new chapter of and riot started opening which had not known before the world.	the beautiful religion exaggerate in teaches and non apartheid. The started opening a new chapter and violence which was not aware before the world. 	This beautiful religion to exaggerate The priestcraft Momin and discrimination of infidel began and the opening of a new chapter of the storm, which was not aware before the world.
Greetings. Go ahead, sir, take this action, but do it on your own.	... Mr. desire to build but do this action on his bill.	Should. Mr. Salam wants to do but insisting on your bill this action. 	salute. to Mr. wants to, but this action on the bill.
Do not do it because of America's pressure.	Do not come in America.	The United States should not come under pressure. 	Under pressure from the United States.
If India has problems, should it provide proof?	If India is distressing should provide proof?	If India should provide proof to pain, no? 	If India is to provide evidence, no?
Why doesn't it?	Is not?	Why does not He? 	Why does not He?
And why does it blame everything on us?	And for every thing we have put?	And why on allegation of every thing we used? 	And every thing, why we put?
There are extremist groups and organizations even in India. Why don't these people put a ban on them?	In India, the extremist groups and organisations are, they should not restrict his people?	Even in India, are extremist groups and organizations, why not accusing restrictions on them these people? 	In India, extremist groups and organizations, why not accusing the ban these people?
Are we the only terrorists in the whole world?	Have we are only a terrorist in the entire world?	All what we are as a terrorist in the world? 	We are all over the world, in a terrorist?
What is it that India is doing in Kashmir?	India, who is in Kashmir, they have?	India, which is in Kashmir, What is he? 	India in Kashmir, which is what is he?
What is it that Israel is doing?	Israel is that they have?	what Israel is doing what he is? 	Israel, which is what is he?
The truth is that we are the world's first Islamic country with nuclear power. Is that what the whole fuss is about?	It is true that we are the world&apos;s first Islamic, are fighting.	If it is true that we are World's first nuclear Islamic state, Why are this conflict. 	It is true that we are the world's first nuclear Islamic state, why are the same case.
Pakistan is at the final stages now.	Pakistan is now in its final stages.	Pakistan now is in the final stages. 	Pakistan is in its last stages.
Kamran Hassan, Abu Dhabi.	Kamranhassan, Abu Dhabi	kamranhassan, ABU DHABI 	kamranhassan, ABU DHABI
Your point makes sense and the situation bears it out.	You is any thing heart and some conditions are also looking only such	Is your heart to talk and some conditions are also saw the coming 	Your heart, and some conditions of the are coming
Now American magazines are boldly publishing Pakistan's new map, and these bans also seem to be related to the same issue.	And now, magazines published in Pakistan with a new element that is attached to, and it is coming for part of the same process.	Now, American magazines published a map of Pakistan with the in new and it is set to snatch the sanctions is also part of this off. 	Now, The American magazines in with Pakistan's new plan is set to be published and it is coming to a part of the rotation of the sanctions.
Americans are, quickly rather than gradually, strengthening their grip on Pakistan.	Its grip on Pakistan are not slowly, but now a Speeded up.	American slowly but not now very quickly from its grip on Pakistan are NSG. 	US slowly but not very fast, its grip on the NSG.
Under such conditions, if we as a nation do not display unity and harmony, then remember that if Bangladesh could be created, then much more can happen.	In the event, if we have not show unity and consensus of the people as a nation, if Bangladesh may become, and there may be a lot.	People in such a situation, if we as a nation, do not show of unity can become too if Bangladesh remember is, and some may be, too. 	In such a situation, if we did not do as a demonstration of the unity of the nation, too, if Bangladesh can also can be a lot of things.
One cannot condemn terrorist attacks enough whether they take place in Mumbai's hotel, or in Islamabad's Marriot hotel, or in Palestine.	Scare around the attacks should also be condemned, it is less, whether they are in a hotel in Mumbai or in Islamabad hotel and or even in Palestine.	Around scare as also condemned the attacks, It is less, whether they be in the Hotel in Mumbai, or be hotel in Islamabad and or in Palestine. 	Scare around any condemnation of the attacks, He is, whether they are in a hotel in Mumbai or Islamabad in Palestine or in the hotel.
Similarly, terrorists should be destroyed, regardless of where they are from - Pakistan, India, America, or Israel.	Such terrorists as well, they should be removed, whether they are Pakistani, Indian or I am and.	Also the terrorists where they like this should be the end of whether they are Pakistani, Indian and US or Israeli. 	Terrorists like this, where they also should be the end of it, The Pakistani, Indian and American and Israeli.
Now the question arises why is the world, including the Pakistani government, silent in the face of terrorist attacks in Pakistan everyday, in which hundreds of people lose their lives?	Now that the question is created, it would have been a terrorist attack in Pakistan every day, hundreds of people are not killed, Pakistani officials on them, the whole world is silent.?	Now the question is that every day are the terrorist attack in Pakistan, hundreds of people were killed, including Pakistani officials on why the world is silent? 	Now the question is that every day are terrorist attacks in Pakistan, hundreds of people were killed, including the Pakistani authorities on why the world is silent?
Was the Marriot attack not done by terrorists?	Have the hotel have been was not a terrorist attack?	What was on hotel attack was not the terrorists? 	The Maria was not of the terrorist attack on the hotel was
Why then?	Then.	Then why. 	Then why.
May I sacrifice myself for the interior minister Mr. Rehman Malik, by the grace of Allah, how brave and fearless the man has become!	Foot home Rehman Malik Sahib, said many of the officials and were are!	Devoted go home Rahman Mr. Malik, many G, and is undaunted! 	Devoted go Missouri home Rahman, the country,, how many were strong and!
According to the BBC, while (a committee of) the United Nations Security Council has put a ban on Jamiat-ud-Daawa, Mr. Malik says that we have not enforced a ban yet, and it will only be done after thorough deliberation.	According to the C, where the UN Security Council has imposed a ban on (a) the party, there, Mr. Malik said that we did not imposed and very carefully and thought only after such. Be	According to the BBC, "where a committee) of the United Nations Security Council has imposed ban on the party Mr. Malik said there is that we have not banned. and a lot of thought and consideration will be only after it 	, According to the BBC, where a committee of the United Nations Security Council, The party imposed a ban on the country, says that we are not banned, and it will be after a lot of thought and consideration
Not just this, according to the BBC, Mr. Malik has also very forcefully called this impression wrong that the arrests of terrorists are being made "on someone's demand."	Not, according to the BBC, Mr. Malik has said the intensity with the impression is wrong, it means that the terrorists are being brought in, some say, process.	Not only According to the BBC, Mr. Malik said also to this impression with the full force arrests of terrorists has denied that any, process are being brought in. 	Not only this, According to the BBC, the country qualified to this impression with the full force has denied that any of the arrests of terrorists, are being brought in the process.
Wow, Glory be to Allah!	God, Subhan!	OK, 	OK, God!
Security forces raided an alleged camp of the banned Lashkar-e-Tayaba in the Pakistani controlled area of Kashmir.	Ability to or not to or it wants not said that.	Or not to keep the ability or to keep it wants not say that. 	The ability to keep or not, or did not want to say.
After the Mumbai attacks, increasing pressure is being placed on Pakistan to speed up its actions against extremist organizations.	We are fighting the Pakistani whose.	We are fighting a war, The Pakistani who. 	We are fighting a war of the Pakistan.
India accuses Lashkar-e-Tayaba of involvement in the Mumbai attacks.	And our interests are to which we all effort.	And why our interests which are where we effort. 	And why our interests, which are which we are trying to.
American foreign secretary Condoleeza Rice has urged the Pakistani leadership to take practical steps for an immediate and transparent action against the perpetrators of the Mumbai attacks.	No one is not to interfere in any foreign country.	Someone To is not to interfere in the affairs of the country. 	Nobody has the right to interfere in the affairs of any country.
They say that the extremists who attacked Mumbai undoubtedly used Pakistani territory.	The era of apparently come.	Lacking the era of colonialists apparently. 	Colonialists of Apparently lacking.
Meanwhile, authorities in Peshawar say that another center for the trucks that take goods to the allied forces in Afghanistan was destroyed by fire by unknown armed men, destroying more than fifty trucks.	If people are expected to justice or upon the implementation of its independent judiciary staff do respect the Republic institutions and do not support a dictator or military, will establish peace in the world including Pakistan and that perhaps is not acceptable.	If people have to expect justice or coalition stressed on the implementation of independent judiciary should respect of democratic institutions and a dictator or give the army should not help peace will be established in third world including Pakistan, and perhaps the allies is not acceptable. 	If people expect to receive justice or coalition free stressed on the implementation of the judiciary should respect of democratic institutions and a dictator or military help to the third world, including Pakistan, and that peace will be established in the coalition is not acceptable.
In the past 48 hours, this is the second attack on the NATO and American supplies in Peshawar.	Pakistan, and is a doctor in the submission of the objectives.	Pakistan, though the European and American objectives obedience is set in. 	Pakistan, in the European and American interests.
In the meantime, Pakistan has raided an alleged camp of the banned Lashkar-e-Tayaba. Efforts were made even before this to disarm the armed groups from Karachi to the tribal areas, and those who surrendered their arms were assured that compensation would be given to them and that no action would be taken against them.	This is despite opposition from a dominant population of Pakistan.	This despite the opposition of a triumph of Pakistan's population is prevailed. 	Pakistan is one of the dominant gained despite the opposition of the population.
Events tell us that the former Soviet Union's intervention in Afghanistan during General Zia-ul-Haq's period, and efforts to eliminate the armed groups that were born as a result of the resistance to it with America-Saudi funding, to take Pakistan to the state it was in before 1980, were not successful.	And this is further opposition emotions.	And it is to emotions against further. 	And it further emotions against the.
The question is, does Pakistan want to do this?	If democracy and its allies are in confidence, the settlement procedure to leave the region to respect the sovereignty to be run.	If the US and its allies have confidence on democracy, settlement The practice to leave the respect of the sovereignty of the state, to leave the region. 	If the US and its allies have the confidence of democracy, the settlement of the respect of the sovereignty of the state, walked out of the region.
Does Pakistan have the capacity to do this?	In Pakistan, so is that whether he or she should.	capability in Pakistan so that he himself is or 	In Pakistan so that he himself is or.
What do you say?	Security Forces raided a suspected camp of the banned Lashkar-e-in Pakistan-administered Kashmir.	Pakistan security forces in Kashmir under the control of the defunct army raid on a suspected camp of Mujahideen is done. 	Pakistan security forces in Kashmir, is killed in a raid on a camp of the army.
Click here for details.	After the Mumbai attacks is increasing pressure on Pakistan to accelerate action against extremist organizations.	The Mumbai attacks is increasing pressure on Pakistan after that they should speed up action against extremist organizations. 	After the Mumbai attacks increased pressure on Pakistan is that the action against extremist organizations.
(Please note that because of a large number of comments, only the comments typed in Urdu will be published.)	India has alleged that the attacks in Mumbai is the hand of Lashkar-e-.	In India's charges that the Mumbai attacks force Mujahideen's hand. 	India's allegation that is involved in the attacks in Mumbai.
(Press to select Urdu alt+shift on the onscreen board.)	The American Jews Lisa Rice has said that the Pakistani leadership should be a practical demonstration of a transparent and immediate action against officials of the Mumbai attacks.	US Foreign Minister Condoleezza Rice said that the Mumbai attacks from the Pakistani leadership against the trustees should be practical demonstration of immediate action and transparent. 	US Foreign Minister Condoleezza Rice have told the Pakistani leadership that Mumbai attacks against the trustees and transparent action should be a practical demonstration of.
Possessing or not possessing the capability or saying it is not wanted.	They say past Mumbai attacked the militants to use Pakistani soil.	He says he is undoubtedly Mumbai attack on the extremists to use Pakistani soil. 	He says is undoubtedly the extremists to attack on Mumbai on Pakistani soil.
Whose war are we, the Pakistanis fighting?	Meanwhile, officials in Peshawar said that coalition forces deployed in Afghanistan, a base of the trucks taking goods has been imposed unknown armed men fire, which destroyed more than 50 trucks.	In Peshawar during this officials said that coalition forces stationed in Afghanistan to take goods is one of the trucks and airport fire which has been imposed by Unknown armed men more than 50 trucks were destroyed. 	During this time, The officials said in Peshawar is that one of the trucks on the allied forces stationed in Afghanistan and the fire of unknown armed men, which is more than 50 trucks were destroyed.
And why do we also have interests that we will try to protect with all our might?	This is the second attack on NATO and American supplies during 48 hours in Peshawar.	Peshawar in 48 hours during the Nato and this is the second attack on a US supplies. 	In Peshawar, This is the second attack on Nato and US supplies during 48 hours.
Nobody has the right to intervene in a country's affairs.	This has raided a suspected camp of the banned Lashkar-e-during and before, have also been several attempts to disarm the armed groups from Karachi to the tribal areas, which has long been assured to give compensation to those to return weapons and took no action.	During the sins The defunct army raid on a suspected camp of mujahideen killed before and this is also an armed tribal areas by armed groups from Karachi in which have been many efforts to give compensation to back and no arms until assured to the action. 	During this period the sins of the defunct is killed in a raid on a camp of the army and the tribal areas before the armed groups to the many efforts to give compensation to those who back in weapons and the assurance that no action.
It doesn't seem to be a period of colonization.	The situation to end the armed groups are not that Afghan interference of the former Soviet Union in the period of General Zia-ul-Haq and the U.S. to give birth as a result of the resistance, starting from a Saudi such environment before 1980 were not successful attempts to go back to Pakistan.	Situation says General Zia ul Haq era in the American and Afghan intervention of former Soviet Union starting from Saudi funding the resistance in the wake of the end the armed groups to give birth as before in this environment for Pakistan's efforts to take back was not successful. 	situation that General Zia ul Haq in the era of the former Soviet Union interference in Afghan and US Saudi funding of the resistance as a result of the armed groups in Pakistan before 1980 as efforts to take back the environment was not successful.
If people expect justice, or the allies insist on an independent judiciary and respect democratic institutions, and do not assist any dictator or army, peace will be established in Third World Pakistan, which might not be acceptable to the allies.	The question is what Pakistan wants it?	question is what Pakistan wants to do so? 	question is what Pakistan wants to do so?
Pakistan is working anyway to achieve the aims of Europe and America.	What is this capability of Pakistan?	What Pakistan is capable of spaces by it? 	Pakistan is capable of?
This in spite of the opposition of a majority of the population of Pakistan.	What are you?	What you are saying? 	What do you say?
And this fuels more feelings against it.	Click here for details.	Click here for details 	Click here for details
If America and its allies have confidence in democracy, they should abandon the policy of a colonizer, respect the country's sovereignty, and go away from the region.	(grace note that the opinions of the letter will be published only in Urdu due to increasing the number of remarks.	Grace notes comments that only due to the increasing number of letter in Urdu the opinions will be published. 	Please note criterion that comments due to an increase in the number of the opinions of the letter will be published in Urdu.
Pakistan has the capability to arm or disarm itself.	On the board of the extra screen for this alt+shift Urdu.)	On board the online for the screenplay Alt shift will pressure Urdu.) 	online for the screen on the board Alt shift by pressing Urdu.
I have only one question for all the flag-bearers of humanity:	My only a question of all:	My only one question is the of all humanity: 	My only a question of all humanity is:
If you kill their children, will they welcome you with garlands for you? This is impossible.	If you come with their children if they lose your behalf, it is impossible,	If you his children, He he lost your companion route, It is impossible 	If you his children defeat for the sake of it, you take the route, It is impossible
Saeed, Multan.	Saeed, Multan	Saeed, Multan 	Saeed, Multan
And my question to you is do the teachings of Islam, or those of the East or West give any logic, philosophy, or reasoning that approves of the killing of innocent citizens, including people who are praying, laborers, and low-income workers, and employees, as a consequence of American attacks?	And my question to you that studies from Islamic studies to East and West, no logic, and philosophy for the attack, the murder of innocent people including, labor and employment, young is allowed?	And My question to you that science studies with Islamic from east and west, say no logic, argued and philosophy change the American attack innocent people including devout, Labor and employment is murder of poor professional employees? 	And My question to you that studies with the Islamic studies in the east and the west, any logic, signs and philosophy of the US attack on innocent people including devout, Labor and service trade allowed the murder of poor employees?
And if there is no answer, then you have a dire need to correct your point of view.	And if the answer is not in dire need of reform in your own.	And if not, you see his tip of the reform is urgently needed. 	And if not, you tip is in dire need of reform.
At the time when people were given arms, it was feared that Russia, after Afghanistan, would turn its attention to Pakistan; therefore people were provided the arms.	It was feared that Russia conception to Pakistan after Afghanistan so the armed people have been armed people have been at this time.	People were armed this time it was feared that Russia should Afghanistan traveling to Pakistan after the bust so people were armed. 	People have been armed, at this time, It was feared that Russia, Afghanistan, Pakistan after traveling to bust so they were armed.
Now that we suspect America to attack Pakistan from Afghanistan, which the present American president has spoken about during his presidential campaign, why then should we disarm these people?	Now, when it is feared that America will run climbed on Pakistan through which are current President has openly expressed in his presidential campaign, we do armed foreigners to these people?	Now when it is feared that the United States mounted on the way of Pakistan will run its present US president have been openly expressed in his presidential campaign, we, why people armed them? 	Now when it is feared that the United States via Pakistan will run on which the current US president openly expressed in his presidential campaign, we have people why an armed.
So that America or India, after subduing the Pakistani armed forces, do not have to face any kind of resistance from the people?	So only after America or India, the Pakistani army may not face any kind of public resistance?	Only projects so that the United States and India after the Pakistani army under any kind of public have not to face of resistance? 	Only projects so that the United States and India, The Pakistani army to face any kind of public resistance to have not?
However if anyone is involved in oppressive activities, Pakistan should take an action against them only.	Yes, if any of them are involved in any action, Pakistan will only take action against it.	Yes, if any of those involved in a destructive operation, Pakistan should only action against it. 	Yes, if any of them are involved in a destructive operation, Pakistan only action will be taken against him.
Regretfully, the government's seizing of Lashkar-e-Tayaba has proven India right about Pakistan being involved in this affair.	But unfortunately, it is the government of India has become a force was declared the time. It is involved in Pakistan.	But unfortunately it is the government army Mujahideen of the less India is given the right declared that Pakistan is involved in this. 	But unfortunately this is the Army of the government of The has declared the right of India that Pakistan is involved in this.
*Najeeb-ur-Rehman Saiko*, Lahore, Pakistan.	Rehman, [p@ki$t@n]	Najib Rehman Lahore [P KI $T N] 	Najib Rehman Sayako, Lahore [P @ KI T @ N
Even if it is accepted that Lashkar-e-Tayaba is involved, it is not right to blame Pakistan's Government.	If it be granted activities that Lashkar-e-involved is still not time for the Pakistan Government.	be taken if it accepted that the battalion involved mujahideen then also blaming Pakistan government is not right. 	If it is to be accepted that the army is still blaming Pakistan to the government is not right.
And another question is did these terrorists not have the support of some government or non-government officer in India?	And that is also a question that these terrorists to get the help of any government or Foreign official Indian officials had not?	A question and it was also that these terrorists have any official or unofficial was not get the help of Indian officials? 	A question, and that the terrorists any official or unofficial Indian officials was not get help?
Are terrorists born or trained only in Pakistan and not in India, or any other countries of the world?	That terrorists are only have created or in Pakistan and India and in countries of the world are not?	What terrorists are only prepared or bring in Pakistan and India and other countries in the world are not ready in? 	The terrorists in Pakistan, or are ready and prepared in India and other countries of the world are not
As far as Lashkar-e-Tayaba is concerned, it has got nothing to do with the recent acts of terrorism.	As far as power is concerned, terrorism is not connected with it.	As far as host of mujahideen recent terrorism is concerned, no connection with it. 	As far as the army is concerned, nothing to do with the recent terrorism.
A point to remember is that it was Hafiz Saeed who was the first "Jihadi leader" to label the acts of the Taliban as "chaos."	It is to maintain that Hafiz: he was first, jihadi leader, who was, hell, it means of Taliban.	This thing to remember is that Hafiz Saeed was' jihadi leader, who had before the Taliban of sedition, had declared. 	Remember that Hafiz Saeed, was the first jihadi leader who made the Taliban sedition.
I am completely sure that the Taliban's invasion is [a part of] American plans. Therefore, it is necessary to remove every person and group from the way who should challenge the Taliban in any way.	I had strong fear is that the Taliban insurgency is part of the projects, so it is necessary to remove a person from the way which any connection to challenge to the Taliban.	firm I believe that the Taliban uprising part of US plans is therefore man is necessary to remove from the road harassment any challenge with regard to Taliban. 	, I believe, is that the Taliban uprising US plans to is therefore harassment person to which is necessary to remove any challenge to the Taliban.
Despite the consensus of the whole nation, under pressure from India carrying out an action against Lashkar reflects the nervous and servile nature of Zardari and company.	Despite the cooperation of the entire nation, coming in Indian pressure to take action against military and soap is referring to.	The entire nation of cooperation Despite Indian after coming under pressure to force the Action Against to the and and soap. referring to the spirit 	The cooperation of the entire nation, despite the Indian battalion in the pressure to take action against the AND THE and losing the spirit.
To bring an end to this campaign, which was started by the Saudi and American funding, a request should be made of them, for God's sake, to clean up this mess, which has poisoned our society.	Beginning from America Saudi campaign to end the application. Now that the pollution which has by our society.	From Saudi America started to end the campaign for them to ask that harm from now to dirt who has filled the our society. 	Saudi to end the campaign with the request that harm the dirt also our society, angrily.
A protest should also be lodge with them as under what guise did America and Saudi Arabia spread the virus of dangerous weapons in our country and so-called Jihadis, and truly hateful literature and culture, which opened human slaughterhouses in our country?	Their protest. How under Saudi and America has been dangerous weapons and so-called jihadi hatred and culture in our country, from which the human slaughter open in our country.	Also protest with them that what the United States under ethical and Saudi dangerous weapons in our country and called hardline 'd hate literature and culture, which spread of virus to open the human slaughtered in our country. 	To protest how ethics under the aegis of the United States and Saudi Arabia dangerous weapons in our country and called the jihadi Hate literature and culture of spread of the virus, which the human slaughter in our country.
America was badly rattled when the Pakistani army declared, after fear of an Indian attack, that it would move its forces from the Afghan border and pay attention to India, and the Taliban announced that they would take care of the Afghan border. America used all means available to stop an Indian attack on Pakistan.	After the threat of an attack by India, the Pakistani Army has announced that the Afghan border forces will give India&apos;s attention and their full strength of Taliban, it declared that the Afghan border were badly and that India and Pakistan should not attacked.	Danger of attack from India after the Pakistani army's announcement that the army from the Afghan border India will pay attention to the announcement of the Taliban and Afghan border that will take us seriously steadfast and her entire planted emphasized that India should not attack on Pakistan. 	The danger of attack from India after the Pakistani army has announced that the army from the Afghan border India will give attention to the Taliban and that the announcement of the Afghan border will take us seriously steadfast and its planted stressed that India should not attack on Pakistan.
And this exposed America's reputation in this area.	Been opened the whole fear of power in the region.	American power in the region of this whole fear became public. 	opened all the reputation of American power in the region.
Although India neither threatened to attack, nor does it have the guts to do so,	Although India has threatened to attack if not nor was such courage.	Although India has not threatened attack, and not only his courage so. 	Although India has not given the threat of attack and its courage.
the rest has been taken care of by the Taliban's attacks on American supplies.	The entire was no Taliban attacks on supply.	The Polish Taliban Attacks on US supplies the whole. 	The Polish US provisions on the attacks of Taliban.
It proves that without the support of the Pakistani army and the Pakistani Government, America is nothing.	This was not something that America without the support of the Pakistan Army and the Pakistan Government.	proved that the Pakistan army and Pakistan Government nothing without the support of the United States. 	proved that the Pakistan army and Pakistan government without the support of the United States.
Karachi, Pakistan's trade and finance hub is like the Dubai of all undeveloped areas.	Karachi, Pakistan&apos;s business center, all so sick areas of Dubai.	Karachi, Pakistan of business is all poor parts of Dubai Financial Center. 	Karachi, Pakistan's business is all poor areas of Dubai Financial Center.
Millions do not leave this place empty-handed. But ever since the western border areas have become lawless, Karachi has become the focus of everyone's attention.	Hundreds of thousands of empty hands, sometimes not, but when the western border areas in supremacy of law has been the attention of Karachi has been taken.	Hundreds of thousands of empty handed never unsuccessfully from here, but when the supremacy of the law in western border areas from nonexistent has the attention of Karachi. 	Hundreds of thousands of empty hands Never from here, but when the supremacy of law in the western border areas nonexistent. has the attention of Karachi.
Now they are on the verge of taking this city hostage.	Now they are fixed for the kidnapping of the city.	Now they are bent of kidnapping of this city. 	Now they are dealing with the kidnapping of the city.
For the first time, Pathans are being referred to as Pakhtuns, and inhabitants of the same city are being considered outsiders to make them fight each other, although the need is for unity.	First, is attached to say Pakhtoon, who is making new people of a city, though it is solidarity.	First time is set to go to said, the people of the city is being as irrelevant, though one need fields. 	For the first time To said to, who is a stranger to the people in the city is being made, though the need for one.
One solution to the problem is that either the Urdu-speaking people should learn Pashto, or the Pashto-speaking people should learn Urdu, or everyone learns English, that would be even better.	A solution of the problem is that it or, Urdu-speaking pushto or pushto-speaking Urdu, or all the English, and well.	A solution to the problem, it is that, learn who speak Urdu and Pashto, or all the Urdu speaking or learn English, and good. 	It is a solution that the Urdu speaking Pashtu or learn the Pashto speaking Urdu, or all learn English, and well.
You would definitely find this suggestion amusing, but don't you find the reason of the clash amusing?	If you have a parody because of a clash that not ridicule?	You surely it a ridiculous proposal would understand but you does not ridiculous? because of the violence on 	You definitely will consider it a ridiculous proposal, but because of the conflict does not ridiculous?
That the reason for violence is language?	That is the language because of violence?	Because of violence that language? 	The language of violence?
Zaheer Chughtai.	The Chughtai	Zaheer Chughtai 	Zaheer Chughtai
Actually, sir I gave this suggestion many times as a child to my friends who belonged to different religious and linguistic groups, but they used to laugh it off.	Mr. Bar in childhood in his friends in which people of all religious and Classes were included in this bo given, people used laughed on these things.	Mr. this proposal in reality in which I told my friends to all religious and class people were given time achieve in childhood, on people laughed at her. 	Mr. my friends in this proposal, in which every religious and class people were being repeated in childhood, on Yar on these people laughed.
In those days, these linguistic and religious differences were not as strong and active as they are now. They were just percolating beneath the surface.	At this time, their religious and linguistic, who had not quick and powerful that the condition today had been inside the bus inside.	At this time his language and the religious whose condition was not a quick and strong today was in bus in the pick. 	At this time his religious and linguistic the condition of the quick and strong today was not the bus through.
It is hard to understand what is happening and why it is happening?	It is it. And that comes not only?	Do not understand that what it is and why? 	Do not understand it and why?
Are these the signs of the Day of Judgment?	Have?	What are the same day and? 	The catastrophe of the statues are the same?
For what reason are the innocent and blameless people being killed?	The innocent and who have been killed in a crime?	Are innocent and are being killed innocent in what crime? 	Innocent and innocent who are being killed in the crime?
The reasons are obvious. Those who want to break up Pakistan are the ones who are emotional and they do not belong to any religion or country.	Before the reasons are that Pakistan have pieces. They are active and that it all, are not have neither any, and their country.	reasons are front Pakistan to pieces, But only those who are active and they all are chanting nor is not and country. 	reasons Before the pieces to Pakistan to unwanted, the same active and all this chanting, no and not the country.
Be it Karachi or Mumbai, the home has been set on fire by its own inhabitants.	Karachi, Mumbai or house has started the fire at home.	Karachi and Mumbai of the house caught fire is home. 	Mumbai and Karachi home the house caught fire.
Whichever government comes in, it tries to make a name for itself simply by changing the names of places; like these days, airports, roads, buildings, everything is being named after Benazir.	A government that is being spent in the name of the name of the only places are not, as now that airport, roads, blood all.	change the name of the government as "the only places The earning as there are, in the name of that airport, roads, blood sets Benazir. 	Government. the only places in the name of the name change, it is like that now Airport, roads, blood Benazir Bhutto.
Does the name Benazir represent whatever is happening to the people of Karachi and Pakistan?	That are the meaning of which is with Karachi and Pakistan?	What this means the Karachi Benazir and is with the people of Pakistan? 	Benazir Bhutto, which means the Karachi and the people of Pakistan is?
At the peak of the Mumbai attacks, the failure of RAW that instigated riots based on linguistic differences in Karachi is proof that the political elements that used to work on RAW's payroll in the past have resigned from their job.	At the peak of the Mumbai attacks of trying to start sectarian riots in Karachi by raw failed to prove it is that in the past, raw elements working on its role had now resign from this job?	seemed The Mumbai attacks on the rise of raw tried to get to start sectarian riots in Karachi in the past, have failed to prove that it raw to work on the payroll of the political elements have now become resigns from the job. 	Of Mumbai attacks on the rise of raw failed to try to start sectarian riots in Karachi in the past have proved that the political elements to work on the payroll of raw now have to resign from the job.
The unwarranted killings of the Pashto-speaking laborers and India's threats have awakened Pakistani nationalism from Karachi to Khyber.	Pushto-speaking work it was confined to blood injustice and the Indian from Karachi..	unjustly and blood of Indian workers who speak Pashto threats from Karachi rekindling Sui and core to the hospital. 	Pashto, speaking of the workers injustice and the Indian threats from Karachi City for a rekindling the core.
While this strong display of patriotism from all the political, religious, linguistic, and national parties has taught a diplomatic lesson to India, it has also given the American policy makers another opportunity to think.	The full response from the hub of all the political, religious, linguistic and national parties where Indian diplomatic etiquette, they are also provided a chance to think plan makers there..	All political, religious, linguistic, and national parties, filled with love Pur equal reaction where India diplomatic etiquette taught there are US plan lawmakers also have provided a chance to think. 	All political, religious, sectarian and national parties and full of love for the same reaction, where the Indian diplomatic etiquette are taught us plan lawmakers also provided a chance to think.
Muttahida and ANP are responsible for the deterioration of the situation of Karachi, and the administration is being biased.	The responsibility of the deteriorating situation in Karachi is fast and A. P. and administration impartiality.	Responsible for the bad situation in Karachi and BNP and administration is fast impartiality. 	The situation in Karachi and BNP impartiality and fast.
The administration can control the situation in an hour, but it is consciously adding fuel to the fire.	Situation in the administration can control, but John and it was being Agency..	administration can control the situation is in 1 but is John cargo to be given. 	administration can control the situation in 1 hour, But life is being given to the cargo
Police and Rangers avoid taking any action due to the pressure of the political parties.	, police and government to take action because of the pressure of the parties.	police and due to the pressure of parties to refrain from action. 	, police and parties due to the pressure of the action.
The talk of unity is only limited to talk. Political parties should forget about their political gains and work for the betterment of the common man.	Of alliance are limited to statements, parties should abandon their interests and to work for the interests of the common man.	Talking to the alliance only statements are limited, the political parties to abandon their interests and should work for the interests of the common man. 	Alliance points to only statements are limited to political parties should work for their interests and the interests of the common man.
As long as the administration has political pressure on it, these type of incidences will keep taking place. May Allah protect Pakistan.	Until the pressure on the administration to keep such incidents will, God in his order to Pakistan.	When political pressure on the administration to such incidents will be taking will continue, God in Pakistan for their security. 	As long as political pressure on the administration of such incidents will continue, in order to Pakistan.
I think the people themselves are the greatest terrorists.	The biggest terrorist in the Ching are people.	People in my opinion, the biggest terrorist. 	In my opinion, the biggest terrorist are the same people.
And there are surely some foreign forces involved in this, but we don't know who they are.	And in this, there certainly are at work, but he is not that not address?	And no foreign forces in suspicious but not know who he is? 	And in any foreign powers are suspicious, but I do not know who is that?
Sadly, had this situation taken place in some city of the Frontier Province, the government would have laid it to waste, but since it is not in the Northwest Province, the government appears to be helpless.	But unfortunately, it is that if any border city in such situations, then the government does resurrection of there. But when it is not in the border, the government has shown a bus.	But unfortunately this is that if any of these circumstances in the city, then the fate of the government there but when this government, if not in border seems helpless. 	But unfortunately this is that if any of the situation on the border in the city, But the fate of the government there when it is not in the border, The government is helpless.
The government should carry out an operation here and save a big and important city from terrorism.	The government should take and to save a large and important city of the country from terrorism.	Government should carry out operations here and a big and important city of the country terrorism would save. 	The operation that the government and a big and important city of the country terrorism.
Otherwise, Pakistan will face a major financial crisis.	Otherwise, Pakistan will be facing a major financial crisis.	Otherwise Pakistan will have to face with a big financial crisis. 	Otherwise, Pakistan will have to face a big financial crisis.
Even BBC Urdu is not telling the truth due to fear, while Pakistani media is even worse.	BBC Urdu writing any while Pakistan&apos;s condition, and not true for fear.	BBC Urdu fear also killed was not writing the truth while condition, and also the Pakistani media puppet. 	BBC also fear not writing the truth and the condition of the Pakistani media, and soft.
The whole truth is available on BBC English.	The whole truth is present on the BBC English.	Whole BBC English is on the Truth. 	The whole truth is on BBC English.
One solution to the problem is that the Urdu-speaking people should learn Pashto, or the Pashto-speaking should learn Urdu, or it would be even better if both learn English.	A solution of the problem is that it or, Urdu-speaking pushto or pushto-speaking Urdu, or all the English, and well.	A solution to the problem, it is that, learn who speak Urdu and Pashto, or all the Urdu speaking or learn English, and good. 	It is a solution that the Urdu speaking Pashtu or learn the Pashto speaking Urdu, or all learn English, and well.
You would definitely find this suggestion amusing, but don't you find the reason for this conflict amusing?	Because of the collision, a mock if you will, but you have not ridicule?	You surely it a ridiculous proposal would understand but you does not ridiculous? because of the violence on 	You definitely will consider it a ridiculous proposal, but because of the conflict does not ridiculous?
Should the reason behind violence be language?	That is the language because of violence?	Because of violence that language? 	The language of violence?
Finally, in Karachi, another tale of brutality registered the fear that every citizen had been feeling for quite some time.	In Karachi, a storyteller of cruelty was finally money that fear every citizen were felt for a long time.	Another story of cruelty in Karachi was finally amount of which was felt quite every citizen in fear. 	Another story of cruelty in Karachi eventually money which the threat of every citizen was quite a long period.
Everyone did what they felt like, without restraint. The reports that reached us through the media are just 50 percent of what happened here in four days.	Which run as a bus, he did not leave any stone coming on the 50. who was in four days.	Which drove the bus where it has no stone is 50 percent of this coming in the media which was here in four days. 	Of where the bus left no stone on the media this 50 percent of which is here in four days.
Stayed awake the last three nights and the fear is still there.	The last three woke up and insecurity is also now.	Last three nights in the wake and is still fear. 	The last three nights fortunes and fear is now.
Those who force people out of the hotels, and those who beat up cobblers and peanut vendors,	And military boss to vacate hotel killing the people.	hotel to vacate the and peanuts to those who kill. 	hotel to vacate the Mung bean and killing the people.
those who robbed on the super highway, and cut the ears of innocent people, are all unaware of the wrath of Allah, which they will face eventually.	On Super Highway, the looting and the mine cutting all are unaware of agony of God who will never been brought to them.	Super Highway to plunder and on the cutting of all are out of the agony of God who will never caught up to them. 	Super highway robbers and forests of all the agony of God are out of which they will be arrested.
In your opinion, what are the reasons for this sudden unrest?	You think about the unrest, what are the reasons?	In your opinion, what are the reasons of this sabotage suddenly? 	In your opinion, what are the reasons for the insecurity?
(BBC)	()	(BBC) 	BBC
Considering the heart-rendering Mumbai carnage, we do not need to delve too deeply into the situation to find reasons for this violence in Karachi. The straight and simple reason is that this violence happened because of some subconscious boiling of "blood."	India&apos;s heart ten &quot;in front of the murder, Exploring the cause of the disorder in Karachi we set is definitely not required but completely, and it is the reason that it was only because of the blood, chaos.	India to ten in the heart of the Mumbai killed in Karachi while keeping in mind to lack of due secure we pose no need of an but just simple and easy, is the reason that this lack of insensitivity manifests The 'blood' only was due to 	Ten of India to the Mumbai killed because of chaos in Karachi, secure we the need is not just simple and easy, that is why this disorder insensitivity manifests The 'blood' due.
It is obvious, if someone picks a fight with the "father," then his "son" getting out of control at this should not come as a surprise.	Obviously, the fact is that if someone will take wish-wash with the father, that,, run out, was not the run out of control.	It's obvious that if 'father, it will no with' 'son, out of less, out of control of less will not be said. 	It's obvious that if it would take any wish-wash with 'father' at the son of, out of the control of will not be.
It was built by Liaqat Ali Khan and many others who sacrificed their lives, who were from there. To remove Mr. Saiko's misconception, I'm writing this verse.	Was also of blood, Ali Khan and a person is writing the wrong time?	Blood, Many of Liaquat Ali Khan and also there was 's wrong to remove be writing for the Sher 	Blood, Liaqat Ali Khan, and a lot of There was a the wrong to remove it is writing the lion
We will carry on the tradition of our elders.	The elders, we will	We will also repeated old tradition of 	The tradition, we will also be repeated
We gave our lives to create it; will give our lives to preserve it.	Life-giving John will give.	Made by John will, after John. 	John made by John, leading.
Faizan Tauseef Siddiqui.	Faizan,	Faizan portrayal Siddiqui 	Faizan portrayal Siddiqui
It's very unfortunate that the whole country is at stake and we are fighting with each other.	Is a matter of regret, the whole country is stuck at risk at this time, and we are deprived in each other.	Very is sad, the whole country is set at stake and we are diarrhoea each. 	It is very sad that the whole country is at stake, and we.
Mr. Siddiqui, I suggest, if in wikipedia	Mr. has stated that if wikipedia.	Siddiqui stated that if Wikipedia. 	Siddiqui, I say that if the Wikipedia.
you look up Liaqat Ali Khan, you would come to know that he belonged to a respectable family of the Kernal area of the Punjab province.	Currently in Ali Khan, know that you belong to a respectable Punjabi of Karnal area of Punjab province.	See in Org Liaquat Ali Khan, knows that you belong to a respectable Karnal area of Punjab province, to family. 	Org Liaquat Ali Khan, know that you belong to a respectable Punjabi family of Karnal area of Punjab province.
Because of what he did for the Muhajirs, they consider him their own today.	Today immigrants because the measures for their migrants&apos; own.	Because of his measures for migrants from the immigrants today his 	Because of measures for the migrants from the immigrants today his.
Every action has a reaction.	If the reaction is only.	of reaction, It is. 	Reaction, It is.
It can be tolerated if it's limited to one's own self but	For its part, could have tolerated.	Can be tolerated, but for himself. 	himself, but can be tolerated.
Ejaz Awan	Ijaz Awan	Ejaz Awan 	Ejaz Awan
Sir, before you gather a crowd of purveyors of obscenity overnight, let me tell you that the signs of real trouble makers can be seen these days as graffiti and posters on the walls of Karachi.	Mr. earlier that up also collected one night, Jim, tells you that harassment are being in the form of open, you today on wall and posters of Karachi.	Mr. before this night night also suggested that up to Jim to make sure, you collected tells endeavoured that real you open the harassment of tomorrow in Karachi today in the case of wall chalking and posters on walls are also getting. 	Mr. Before up at the proposal of Jim gathered, tells you that real revel in open you today and tomorrow in the form of wall chalking and posters on walls of Karachi.
We have been suffering from the mischief of both types.	We both are coming.	We both types of are coming. 	We both like the.
Mischief makers did not leave Pakistan or even the founder of Pakistan alone; they did not have to face any consequences.	The villains, Pakistan and founder of Pakistan also not spared,&apos; we do not have to face any reaction.	Though the villains, Pakistan and the founder of Pakistan should also not spared,, not had to face any reaction. 	Though the villains, the founder of Pakistan and Pakistan not spared, they do not have to face any reaction.
On the contrary, they're flourishing at the expense of Pakistan.	Again, the Pakistan military upon heart are.	With this as meager heart are the heart of Pakistan. 	Back in Pakistan to the heart of the meager heart.
Only Muslim League (N) was left. It also prepared a draft of the eighteenth amendment and handed it over to the People's Party.	It was always a Muslim League (N) has also given with a draft amendment of the Peoples&apos; Party.	A Muslim League; It was made also a draft amendment eighteenth handed over control of the People's Party. 	A Muslim League was in the eighteenth amendment draft of the People's Party.
Before this, MQM and Muslim League (Q) had already submitted drafts of the eighteenth amendment in the National Assembly and the Senate.	Prior to this, the MQM and Muslim League (Q) have deposited the draft of the amendment in the National Assembly and Senate.	Prior to this, the MQM amendment and the Muslim League Q eighteenth collected in the draft of the National Assembly and Senate have staged. 	Prior to this, the MQM and the Muslim League eighteenth amendment draft of the National Assembly and the Senate in the making.
Until now, it appears as if these drafts of the eighteenth amendment are a political ruse and no one is sincere about getting this amendment approved.	Still, it seems that the amendment is a political ploy, and no one is not sincere in to approve this amendment.	Yet, it seems that the eighteenth amendment is a political ploy and not sincere in any approved the amendment. 	Yet, it seems that the eighteenth amendment a political ploy, and also approved the amendment in the government is not sincere.
This is why no one has spoken up on the floor of the Assembly or Senate in support of this amendment nor forced the House to approve this amendment.	That is why any till now has forced lamentation not in favor of the amendment on the floor of the assembly or senate nor house that he would approve the amendment.	This is the reason that so far the assembly in favor of the amendment on the floor of the Senate or not lamentation fuss and forced the parliament that he approved the amendment. 	This is the reason that so far the assembly or forced to not fuss lamentation in favor of the amendment on the floor of the Senate and the House that he approved the amendment.
It seems as if by submitting the drafts of the eighteenth amendment, these parties have completed a formality that will allow them to say tomorrow that, well, we did submit the amendment. It was the government speaker who did not take action.	Like the feel that they have secured a kerosene chandelier depositing the draft of the amendment that we have been able to say that yesterday, the Speaker had deposited the amendment is not only the action.	Such feel eighteenth parties of depositing The draft amendments to the soil has been Bush tomorrow, to be able to say that we were depositing the amendment, the government had not only the proceedings, The speaker. 	It seems eighteenth amendment draft of these parties to get with Bush. that is, to be able to say that we have collected the amendment was speaker of the government took no action.
MQM, the government's ally; Muslim League (N), the government's ally behind the scenes; and Muslim League (Q), the party that got the seventeenth amendment passed - how then can these parties be sincere in getting the seventeenth amendment annulled?	MQM government coalition, the party to have Muslim League (N) ally of the government and Muslim League (Q) 17th amendment, then how can the parties are sincere to end 17th amendment.	MQM government coalition, the Muslim League disclosed The government ally and the Muslim League Q have the 17th amendment to the party, then how can it be sincere in parties to end the 17th amendment. 	MQM, an ally of the government, the Muslim League covert ally of the government and the Muslim League 17th amendment to the party, then how can it be sincere in the parties to end the 17th amendment.
This is a way for them to appear to be martyrs.	It is the pretext of name in color and martyrs.	The color is set to name in Martyrs blood. 	This name in the martyrs is.
The People's Party is in no hurry to get the seventeenth amendment annulled anyway.	People&apos;s Party, but it is not quick to finish 17th amendment.	The People's Party, though not the end to the 17th amendment quickly. 	The People's Party, The 17th amendment is in no hurry to end.
Why would anyone want to get their own hands cut off?	How can a good thinking of their hands.	Any how good your hands can think of. 	No better how their hands of thinking.
As long as Zardari is president, the seventeenth amendment is not about to be annulled.	Not until President are the end of 17th amendment.	Until president are not the end the 17th amendment. 	As long as is not the end of the 17th amendment.
This was the majority opinion in one of our surveys, and it's true as well.	It was the opinion of the majority in our a survey and is also true.	It was our majority in a survey of opinion and is also true. 	Our a survey in the opinion of the majority and is the truth.
If the seventeenth amendment had been annulled, Zardari would have never become president.	If 17th amendment may be removed, then the President never comes.	If must end the 17th amendment, then not become president. 	If finished 17th amendment, then never become president.
Now he is even more powerful than President Musharraf because he, along with being the president, is also the chair of the People's Party.	Now, they are also more powerful person with President Pervez Musharraf because he is also the Chairman of the People&apos;s Party with a president.	Now, They are even more powerful person with President Pervez because he is also the chairman of the People's Party With with the president. 	Now, they are more powerful person with President Pervez Musharraf because he is also the chairman of the People's Party with the president.
As long as he is president, the seventeenth amendment will remain in place.	As long as he is President, 17th amendment is established.	As long as he is president, 17th amendment. 	As long as he is the 17th amendment.
To get rid of the seventeenth amendment, political parties will first have to get President Zardari out of the presidential house.	Political parties will have to dismiss the first President to end 17th amendment from presiding over the house.	Political parties to end the 17th amendment to secure the first president to chaired the house will have to leave. 	Political parties to end the 17th amendment to the first President Zardari will have to leave from the chairmanship of the house.
This is something neither MQM nor the other parties wants.	It is not to the MQM, and not other parties.	It wants the MQM and nor other parties. 	do not want the MQM and other parties.
Most of the elders of my family belong to the working class.	Our family often belong to a senior labor class.	Most of the old laborer belonging to our family was interested 	Our family Most of the old labor class belonged to
When I used to see my paternal and maternal uncles and the rest of them working for daily wages, I used to pray in my heart that God would save me from such physically rigorous labor.	And when in childhood, we see the defeat to his uncle, uncle, etc., to create the same desire in my heart that God save us from the physical labor wages.	And when his uncle in childhood, maternal uncle and others to accusing see want it in heart, that God save us from the physical Labor compensation. 	And when his uncle in childhood, the maternal uncle and others to stakes in the heart of the same want that God to save the physical Labor.
To get out of this, I wrote a letter to the editor of the Amroze daily newspaper and asked what I should do after graduation so that I don't have to do hard labor.	To avoid this, we wrote a letter to the editor of the daily today and asked that we should be after the matriculation and that we need to do physical labor.	To prevent this we wrote letter to the editor of the daily today and asked what to do after that we metric that we should not physical Labor. 	To prevent this, we wrote a letter to the editor of the daily today and asked that we do after metric that we need to take any physical Labor.
The editor wrote back that I should become a doctor or an engineer or take such-and-such subjects.	Editor wrote in reply that to become a doctor or engineers and ((essays catch fire.	Editor, In response, wrote that Dr. or go bin and market catch low market subjects. 	editor wrote in response that Dr. or Inc, go and rests on the subjects.
My inclination had always been towards engineering, and I had even taken technical drawing in school instead of biology.	Our trend was started by the same, and we have also read as Technical drawings instead of in the matriculation.	Our trend from the beginning and we had the metric in technical instead of drawings read. 	Our trend from the beginning of and we had completed in instead of technical drawings read.
But at the time of the F. Sc. admissions, my older brother forced me to do my F. Sc. in medicine and become a doctor.	But at the time of the entry in the S. C., big brother has forced that we F. S. C. Dr. made in medical.	But in S. C. FIA had forced Big Brother at the time of that we enter S. C. The IMF in medical doctor. 	But at the time of the entry in the Big Brother has forced us to the FSB, The doctor in medical.
I studied biology with difficulty for a month, but when I couldn't make heads or tails of it, I changed the subject and took math instead.	We have read barely one month as and when a play had not taken subject to account for it.	We have barely a month, and when some placards read accounts had not changed it with the article. 	We have barely a month read and when some play if it had not changed the subject of the account of.
It means the dread of physical labor made me an engineer and now I have a better job than most of my peers in the family, for which I constantly thank God.	-- fear of physical labor has made us engineers and now we are on a good position in many of his family, on which we live pay thank God every time.	Physical Labor, we to fear has made many of his family and now we are in a good position on which we live every time giving thanks to God. 	Fear physical Labor, the INC made many of his family and now we in good position on which we have God thank every time.
I was reminded of this when I was trying to lift a carpet with our two young sons at our old home.	It, it came to US when we were trying raising the carpet of the old home with his two young sons.	It was remembered at this time when we talk with his two young sons carpets was trying to take the old home. 	It was known at the time when we were trying to take the carpet of the old house with his two young sons.
Not even half an hour had passed when my younger son said, "Dad, looks like I wasn't made to do this kind of work."	Now work that was not even half an hour, a small son spoke &quot;deadline, it did not create this work.&quot;	still do not even half an hour was that young son 'deadline "It seems, not create secure this work." 	still do not even half an hour was that younger son spoke deadline is not secure this work in.
I said, "If this is true, then study hard like me and save yourself from having to do hard labor."	We said if it is true, then our way quite see John shackle to read and physical labor.	We have said so if this is true, then our like hearing low to read and physical Labor. 	We said if it is true, then our way to read and physical Labor belonging to.
My son said, "I am studying and I'll keep doing it, but I can't do this work."	The son said it read, I am, and it will also go, but this is not my work.	Son replied, in Reading, I read and also will go but it is not on my work. 	Son said read and I am reading will go too, but it is not my work.
We got the job done as best we could in three hours and returned home.	As we all have finished the work in three hours and returned home.	Anyhow we like three did stop they work in three hours and return home. 	Anyhow we all work in three hours and return home.
The point is that if a man sets his sights on something, whatever his reason is behind that, nothing can stop him from getting what he wants.	This means to say that the reason behind this matter with the consequences if the man is at work, there couldn&apos;t stop him to the floor.	means it is to say that if the goal of taking the man behind it, whatever reason behind, none of this couldn't stop from receiving destination. 	The meaning of this is that if the destination of the man, the reason behind, it could not stop the floor.
But if you don't even know what you want to do, only Allah can save you.	Yes, if you have to know that is not only then you remembers only God.	Yes, if you know what is to not only that, then you are only God Hafiz. 	Yes, if you do not know what to do, then you only God is.
They say not to say bad things about the dead, but what should we do - we see nothing but Benazir's misdeeds even a year after she died.	On the first anniversary of Benazir, we are saying that Murray, bad judgment, but should be seen as their evil.	says that Murray, bad don't but we will have on the first anniversary of Benazir abuses are seen in them. 	says that Murray, bad don't say, but what we have to do on the first anniversary see abuses in them.
For the sake of her own interests, Benazir provided India a list of names of the Sikhs who were fighting for their independence, whereby on the one hand she crushed their independence movement, and on the other she gave India the opportunity to suppress the Punjab movement and focus all its attention on Kashmir.	Benazir has provided an opportunity to concentrate fully provided India to the list of Sikhs fighting the war of independence, the Sikhs ran over the freedom movement in Kashmir after India and other hand because the movement of Punjab for their interests.	Benazir freedom for the sake of its interests of Sikhs who fight the list of India provided the freedom movement of Sikhs to one, and on the other hand, India crushed the suppressed the movement of Punjab after providing a chance to concentrate in Kashmir. 	Benazir Bhutto has its interests for the sake of freedom to fight the group on the list of India to provide the replacement of the freedom of the movement of the group on the one hand, and on the other hand, the movement of India to suppress the opportunity to focus in Kashmir.
It was Benazir and Nawaz Sharif's tug-of-war for power that set the country many years behind.	And the power of Nawaz Sharif is a part of the daily history push by several years back to the country.	Nawaz Sharif's scene of power and is a part of history which has pushed the country years behind. 	Of Power and Nawaz Sharif defaming the country is a part of history years behind the push.
Benazir, during her exile, continued to make negative statements about Kashmir and the atomic program.	Benazir has continued during the negative statements on Kashmir and nuclear program in exile.	Benazir during exile, Kashmir and negative statements to continue their nuclear program. 	During the exile Benazir Bhutto negative statements on Kashmir and nuclear program to continue.
Violating the London agreement she had made with Nawaz Sharif, Benazir made a deal with General Musharraf.	Violation of the London agreement with Benazir and Nawaz Sharif, a deal with General Musharraf.	Benazir Nawaz Sharif with the London with General Musharraf in violation of the agreement deal. 	Benazir Bhutto Nawaz Sharif with London in violation of the agreement, deal with General Musharraf.
Benazir, during her time in office, freely gave her husband the opportunity to make money, and this is why he was called Mr. Ten Percent.	Benazir has given the opportunity openly turns out to their husbands during their power and due to this reason that Mr. metal known	Benazir in power, my husband and given the opportunity to openly money earner following Mr. with metal 	Benazir Bhutto in his power to open the opportunity of the money earner and Mr. tin, due to the same By by their husband
During Benazir's time, her brother was murdered and his murderers have still not been punished.	In the age of Benazir, his brother was murdered and the murderer of which are still giving children from punishment.	Benazir and his brother was killed in the era of which was sentenced to killer of children. 	Benazir Bhutto in the era of the brother of the killed and the killer punishment for children.
Despite being a woman herself, Benazir avoided fighting for women's rights.	Benazir avoided fight the war of women&apos;s rights despite the woman.	Benazir of women's rights in spite of the woman to avoid fight. 	Benazir Bhutto has avoided fight of women's rights in spite of the woman.
In the same way Benazir thrived as a politician because of her father's death, her widowed husband is now thriving as a politician because of hers.	As a way of Benazir politics on the body of his father, now their husbands are politics on his body.	Benazir, which the body of his father, husband now like this on politics, his are politics on his body. 	Benazir Bhutto, the dead body of her father in the same way of politics now rando husband politics on his dead body.
Benazir got control of the government twice, but she couldn't even file a case against those responsible for her father's political murder, let alone get them punished.	Benazir got the government to two times, but they did not punish the culprits of the political murder of his father, has registered a case against them.	Benazir Bhutto got the two times the government but he political murder of his father, to punish the criminals do not also registered a case against them. 	Benazir Bhutto got two times the government to punish the culprits of political murder of his father, but could not get the case filed against them.
It has been 37 years since East Pakistan separated from us, but look at the insensitivity of our people and our rulers - we neither mourned on this day nor lamented our mistakes.	To separate East Pakistan from us, were a year and our people and leaders mourned not feeling that someone at the end of the day, and not mourning on their mistakes.	East Pakistan separately from US, There were 37 years of our people and the rulers Hussey not see extremists that any day mourning and not mourning on its mistakes. 	East Pakistan, 37 years with us and our people and the leaders of the extremist see that this day of grief and mourning on their mistakes.
What we should have done was to commemorate December 16 as a lesson and come up with the kinds of strategies that could prevent such a misfortune from recurring.	But, it was likely that we do such measures and December 16 celebrating the day as a warning that this accident is not developing happening again.	it should be that we celebrate on the day as a spree of December 16, and such measures and that it is not developing contingency again The accident. 	Should be that we had this year, and such measures on December 16, the day as a warning again that this accident is not.
We should have sent goodwill messages to the people of Bangladesh on this day and tried to bring them close to us again.	To this day, we sent messages to the people of Bangladesh, and they tried to again.	This day we humanism messages to the people of Bangladesh non governmental and his while trying to bring his close again. 	This day we humanism messages to the people of Bangladesh, and again tried to bring their own.
Rulers should have opened the Hamood-ur-Rehman Commission's file and deliberated on the reasons for East Pakistan's separation.	Government open the file of the commission and to consider the reasons for the separation of East Pakistan in this.	Ruling open to file and the Commission in a look on the reasons for the separation of East Pakistan. 	The ruling to open the file of the Commission and on the reasons for the separation of East Pakistan.
They should have come up with a strategy for bringing back the Biharis stuck in Bangladesh, and sent them gifts to encourage them.	Tactic to bring back Beharis stranded in Bangladesh, and encourage them to send them gifts.	Trapped in Bangladesh, The plan to bring back the Beharis and encourage them to secure his non governmental gifts. 	Trapped in Bangladesh, to bring back the Beharis and encourage them to secure their non.
But we have become insensitive. If someone dies in our neighborhood, we do not even find out about it.	But we have a sense in our neighborhood, there should be no action is now reported.	But we have been helpless be die in our neighborhood WE are not Informed Of this. 	But we have been negligent in our neighborhood died, WE are not Informed Of this.
We don't care about our sisters and brothers anymore because we've become selfish.	We are not thinking of their sisters and brothers, because we have.	We thought of their brothers and sisters was not because we have been selfish. 	We do not think of their brothers and sisters, because we have been selfish.
Even if a great tragedy occurs, the next day we get tied up in our day-to-day affairs.	We have lost in their normal life and the next day, a major tragedy should be passed.	From big major tragedy we be passed next day then lost in their normal life. 	With a big tragedy be passed next day we then lost in their normal life.
I wish East and West Pakistan could reunite the same way that East and West Germany did.	If this kind of East and West Germany were again similarly, East and West Pakistan can also be a again.	As East and West Germany could again be one were similarly, East and West Pakistan can also be one again. 	If the East and West Germany were to be one of East and West Pakistan can also be a again.
We can be one again if both make sacrifices for each other and break out of the shell of selfishness.	We can again if they come out of the shell of a second sacrifice staff and self-love.	We can be one again if the two should sacrifice to secure a second and armor to come out. 	And we can be again if the two sacrifice to secure a second and out of the Shell.
But it doesn't look like this wish will be fulfilled anytime in the near future.	But this does not desire that is completely in the near future.	But the desire do not see in the near future. 	But the desire not to be in the near future.
Today, when it was stated in the news that the governor of the American state of Illinois was arrested on charges of corruption	Today when the news was told that the governor of the U.S. State kin was arrested on corruption charges	Today when Kin was said in the news that the US state governor of was arrested on corruption charges 	Today, as news said that the US state kin Waqt governor was arrested in corruption charges.
and that to take him out of office, the Provincial Congress has started to make preparations to call him to account as soon as possible, one of our white American friends who keeps a close watch on the situation in Pakistan challenged us as he boasted, "See, this is what democracy is."	Removing it from the governorship and provincial Congress as soon as possible to prepare for the scrutiny, it is an edit, one of our American colleagues, of which Pakistan is a deeper look at the situation, we see that pride, democracy, it says.	Provincial Congress to secure and remove from the governorship soon to prepare to scrutiny of this Edit one of which is, one of our American colleagues White was Pakistan, are keen on the situation we boast the that are known to see democracy. 	And remove from the governorship to secure the preparation of scrutiny of the provincial Congress soon to Edit was is one of our American white, the conditions on which there is the pride, that democracy, It says.
Not even the most important person in America is above the law.	In the United States, a big man law is not past	In the United States is not big man law, even from big altering 	In the United States with a man from the law is not past
And then we have your country, Pakistan, where even the president came into office only after getting the corruption charges dropped.	And your country is Pakistan which is made after giving the president also dropped corruption charges.	And your country is also the president of Pakistan is after hold dropped corruption charges. 	And your country, Pakistan, which is also the president of corruption charges dropped after scoring.
I took it with a sense of humor and said, "So what if one governor was arrested in America? In our Pakistan, the prime minister was arrested and hanged overnight one time, and another one was sent into exile.	Our vessel, fun, and we have said, if a governor in America has been arrested, we in Pakistan, one night, the prime minister was arrested by hanging a time and the second time was Badar country.	Our vessel humor and we have said that if a governor was arrested in 156, what happened, our night night in Pakistan, arrested The prime minister once hanging was covered and second base in the country. 	Our vessel humor and we said if the 156 in a governor who was arrested in Pakistan, our,, arrested The prime minister at a time hanging was covered. and the second base.
Tell me, did this ever happen in America?"	Never had it in the United States?	Let ever happened in the United States? 	Tell me never happened in the United States?
Pakistan gave a guard of honor to a president who broke the national law as he left his house. Tell me, did this ever happen in America?	In Pakistan, departure from the Presidential House with the guard of breaking the law of the country, the United States, sometimes it was?	Pakistan, the country's law with guard the breakup of presidential indifferent to the House, let never happens in the United States? 	Those who break the law of the country to guard of With departure from the presidential House, tell me what ever in the United States?
In Pakistan, the chief justice was suspended in such a way that, despite having popular support, he still has not been reinstated. Did this ever happen in America?	In Pakistan, the Chief Justice that it was suspended, despite the public support, he still could not be restored, in America, what was it?	In Pakistan was suspended Chief Justice so that the public support Despite the still could not be restored, It happens in the United States? 	Was suspended chief justice in Pakistan that public support Despite he could not be restored yet, what happened in the United States?
The holder of a counterfeit degree was made the Minister of Health in Pakistan. Did this ever happen in America?	In Pakistan, the fake degree holder was made, what was it in the United States?	on fake degree holders in Pakistan was made, happened in the United States? 	Fake degree holder in Pakistan was made, what happened in the United States?
When he heard this, the poor American laughed hysterically as he accepted his defeat.	The hearing was also accepted his responsibility with was demi and let us poor goose.	After hearing the US poor with Hans was partially Hans and even lost their demands. 	To hear the American poor Hans Hans, partially and with his defeat was also accepted.
In this photograph, President Zardari is smiling even though he is surrounded on all four sides by Americans.	In this picture, President Zardari smiled despite being surrounded in Americans from all sides.	In this picture President Zardari around the Americans are dark, despite being in smiled. 	President in this picture Zardari around the Americans in spite of the dark smiled.
He is smiling as if	Takes his smile.	It seems from his smile 	His smile.
he thinks that America is in favor of his government, but he is forgetting that a year ago the same people were in favor of Pervez Musharraf.	It is understood that the United States is with his government but they have forgotten that these people were with Musharraf a year ago.	They understand that the United States is with his government are people but they forget that Pervez Musharraf were with one year ago. 	They understand that the United States with the government, but they forget that people are with Pervez Musharraf One year ago.
This photograph has been taken just like a family picture.	This picture, such has been like a family.	This picture, such has been like a family. 	This picture, Such has been like a family.
Before this, such a photograph with one president and six American officials was never allowed to be published.	Prior to this, sometimes this kind of photo meaning three American officials with a president not printed in newspapers.	Before this never in such snapshots newspapers publication a president with three U.S. officials. 	Prior to this, the photo of this kind in the newspapers, not the publication of a president with three American officials.
It seems as if America's work in Pakistan has increased so much that not just one official can take care of it, they have to team up - either that or they don't trust their new slave the way they trusted the one before him.	It is the work of the United States has been increased in Pakistan, and now more than one together, it is forcing or there is no trust that these new Ghulam who was on the earlier.	It seems the United States work in Pakistan has increased and now more than one operatives have to get to or on his new Ghulam not trust, which he was on the first. 	Is the work of the United States in Pakistan has increased and more than one operatives to get to is or is not on the security of the New who was at the first.
It could also be that this arrangement was made while keeping in mind President Zardari's notoriety for going back on his promises.	It may also have promised President Zardari of, these arrangements have been made.	This is also president of breaking promises of Zardari, taking this have been made. 	It may also be President Zardari's compelling, keeping it was made.
Had it been some sensible ruler, at least he would not have sported such a smile in the photograph; at least there would have been some shame on his face because of the collar of slavery he's wearing.	If any sensible government, at least 20 on the faces of their teeth not in the picture and this is certainly apparent embarrassment.	If any sensible ruling, at least it's face and guiding his teeth in picture on slavery must be apparent embarrassment of 	If there is no rational ruling, at least not guiding their teeth in this picture and slavery on the face of it embarrassment to clear.
If the principle of democracy is applied to this photograph, President Zardari is in the minority.	If the principle of democracy will be implemented on this picture, President Zardari are in the minority.	If democracy should be implemented on this picture, President of principle Zardari are in the minority. 	If democracy should be implemented on the principle of this picture, President Zardari are in the minority.
In a democracy, only a majority rules the country, and this photograph shows who the majority is.	According to democracy, the majority is the ruler of the country, and he who is this picture is speaking.	Democracy According to the majority ruling the country and it is he who is the picture is speaking. 	Democracy, According to the majority of the ruling of the country and who is this is the picture.
In spite of army operations underway for over a year in the Frontier Province's insurgency-ridden area of Swat, the situation has been going from bad to worse.	Swat like heaven are called Pakistan.	Heaven Benazir Bhutto also called on Pakistan's Swat. 	Heaven to Swat, Pakistan also said.
On the one hand, the government's writ in this area has been reduced to approving condemnatory resolutions in the National Assembly; on the other, Taliban's illegal FM radio channel's influence seems to be increasing in Swat.	So far are being dialogues with power, according to the government strategy.	Till now According to the government's strategy of force with dialogues are being taken. 	Till now, According to the government's strategy of power are being made with dialogues.
Thirdly, the common citizen thinks the only way to be safe is to listen to whoever has the power in the area.	But some besides increasing the strength of the power and to create sympathy for these people was not given.	But of power and increasing power of people to create sympathy for them in anything except the is not. 	Of Power but power and to create sympathy for the people in the Is Not.
During the operations in Swat carried out by security forces, it is claimed that gunship helicopters and bombings of arsenals killed many extremists, but in spite of these killings, not only has the Taliban grown stronger - according to one estimate, their control has been established in 80 percent of Swat.	It is necessary that the place of power should end the reasons of the government.	Power, it is imperative that the instead of the government to remove the reasons of 	It is necessary that the power of the Instead of the government reasons.
In conclusion, the government is not ready to accept its failure, and the Taliban is stronger.	By the end of the reasons, Fazal God and the Taliban itself will finish by themselves.	Reasons grace and the end of the Taliban to himself will be removed. 	Reasons for the end of the grace of God, and will be the end of the Taliban.
The ones who got stuck in the middle were the poor citizens.	ANP will create a cause of Swat solution to the extent of the bill on behalf of the government.	A BNP government on behalf of the per extent of bill would lead to solve the of Swat. 	ANP on behalf of the government bill at the extent of the Swat will lead to a solution.
It is said that someone in Swat asked what kind of people Taliban members are - the answer came that they are very good people because they are protectors of religion and they fight against the "enemies of Allah and religion."	But with the Shariah, the government will also consider the economic	But the Islamic law along with the government will also have to pay attention on the economic 	But the Islamic law The government economic will also have to pay attention to
When asked what the army is like, the answer came that it's very good because it "protects our homeland" and fights against "the country's enemies."	General Musharraf to begin, it was settled that the nation will get rid of corner if entitled policies but the power change all these intentions with CNN	General Musharraf's started it was felt that perhaps this nation with the actions of Corner politicians will get rid of power but given the changed all of their intention 	General Musharraf since the beginning of this was that this nation corner politicians will get rid of power but changed all his intentions.
Then when asked who the enemies of religion and our homeland are; the answer came "we the citizens."	Who also to the &quot;systematic Regret&quot; in the inexhaustible in understanding.	Who were also hopes "Oh weekly inclusion in", he began to think in fact adopts its up 	WHO also hopes were War of his inclusion in the, In fact began to think
The heavenly Swat is also called the Switzerland of Pakistan.	He ended, and those measures was expected.	And the steps which was expected end. 	And which was expected to take steps that they.
Until now, according to government strategy, negotiations are being held along with the use of power.	Elimination of Bush, they began to think of the end of their power and thieves in given.	As soon as Bush began The End of era of power, they themselves began the end of thought and in deal to the thieves. 	As soon as the end of the Bush era, they themselves at the end of the power and thieves in the deal.
But the use of force is having no benefit other than to increase the strength of the Taliban and create sympathy for them among the people.	General Musharraf is that the present government is not known. But it was also able to control the army.	General Musharraf then can also control the army but the present government do not know that what is happening. 	General Musharraf, the army can control the present government, but do not know that what is happening.
There is a need for the government to eliminate the reasons for this problem instead of using force.	Bajaur, Swat or army does not control and bombed &quot;enemy&quot; is not on the public with human casualties and property loss, given the mental element to the enemy, the enemy, we are not	Bajaur or not to control the army Swat and bombing is the "enemy" on the people, along with the loss of lives, property, mental patients given out, we not only an enemy 	Bajaur Swat or the army does not control and bombing enemy along with the loss of life and property on the people 'enemy' mentally ill to set out the enemy, not
By eliminating the reasons, Fazlullah and the Taliban will fall apart on their own.	More than a year in the troubled Swat region of the North West Frontier Province issued a military operation, despite the corruption are worse.	Frontier province more than a year in the troubled area Swat time with worse than ugly situation, despite the continued military action are. 	Despite being a military operation for more than two years in the troubled area of the North West Frontier Province Swat things are going from bad to worse.
The Sharia Bill proposed by the ANP government will go a long way to help solve the problems of Swat.	On one hand, the writ of the government in this area only Condemnatory resolution in the national assembly has been reduced to the extent, and on the other hand, the influence of Taliban illegal FM radio channel is more used in Swat.	One hand the government only approved resolutions in the National Assembly Resolution writ in the area has been reduced to a great extent to, and on the other hand, Taliban Influence OF Illegal RADIO FM Channel IN SWAT IS MUCH MORE. 	On the one hand, the writ of the government in this area only condemnatory in the National Assembly passed a resolution to the extent, and on the other hand, Taliban illegal radio channel, THE Influence of the Swat IS MUCH MORE.
But along with enforcing Sharia, the government will also need to focus on the economic problems.	The third hand civilians thought in this opinion is that in this area, the practice of this rule is to be heard.	Third ordinary citizens in this thought to think that in this area, which is practically domination is this should be heard. 	Third to ordinary citizens in this thought is that in this area, which is the writ of the practice of Sunnis.
From the initial steps taken by General Musharraf, it looked like the nation might be rid of incompetent politicians but the lust for power changed all his plans.	According to one estimate, 80 percent have been established on Swat Swat know in the claim of killing of several extremists from the bombing as almost helicopter gun ships and cannon during the action of the security forces, but despite these killings, Taliban not only have more stable, but his government.	During the security forces' operation in some Swat gunship helicopters and tanks bars the bombardment of the death of many extremists claims Taliban know, But despite these killings have taken not only more stable, but his administration, according to an estimate this percent on Swat was set up. 	Swat gunship helicopters and tanks during the action of the security forces in the bombing, The death of many extremists claim to know, But despite the number of Taliban not only are most stable, according to one estimate, but his government was set up on Swat percent.
Whatever the hopes were in becoming a part of the &quot;war of terror&quot; he started thinking of himself as truly immortal	As a result, it is not ready for its failure stress that the government on one hand and on the other hand, Taliban remain stable.	The result that on one hand and not ready for the government acknowledge their failure to other Taliban stable. 	The result is not ready to accept that the failure of the government on the one hand and on the other hand, Taliban stable.
and the expected steps he would take were disappointed.	In between who, the most generous citizens.	who, brotherhood between citizens. 	In the WHO, brotherhood city.
Just like when Bush's term in office was coming to an end, he started worrying about the end of his power and in the confusion made a deal with thieves.	In Swat, now it is said that a asked how the Taliban are people, the response was very good because they are conservative and religion, are fighting against the enemies of God and religion.	Swat now it is said that in response to any asked how people are the Taliban, got a very good because he is a defender of the religion and fighting against the enemies of God and religion, 	Suwat said that no one had asked that the Taliban now in how people are, got a very good because they are security and fighting against the enemies of God and religion.
General Musharraf could still control the army but the current government does not even know what is happening.	Then the army that was asked what is, he found that very good because they are protecting the country against the enemies of the country &quot;.	Then asked that the army is what got response, that very good because they are, the security of the country and against the enemies of the country, battering. 	Then asked that the army is what kind of got that is a very good because they protect the country against the enemies of the country and battering.
Be it Bajaur or Swat, the army does not control terror and bombs the people, causing physical loss and loss of property, making the &quot;enemy&quot; a mental patient, which means we are the enemy.	Then was asked who is the enemy of the country and religion, to get US citizens.	Then asked that religion and who are enemies to the country, received a response we citizens. 	, then was asked who are the enemies of religion and the country, we got the city.
I don't know how the Pakistani army will fight against the Indian army when it could not control a small Taliban group.	I am surprised that with the Pakistani Army, the Indian army, how will that he could not control a small group of Taliban.	I am surprised how that Pakistani army with the Indian army fought with a small group of Taliban, which he could not control the. 	I am surprised that the Pakistani Army of the Indian army fought with how will they could not control a small group of Taliban.
They could not track the Taliban's illegal FM channel, which I think should be very easy to do.	The FM channel operating illegally of Taliban could not track that is very easy in my opinion.	Taliban for illegally, the FM channel on track on could not, which I think is a very easy. 	Taliban illegally on the track to the Channel, could not that I think is very simple.
Even now this FM is spewing its venom with full force.	But even then, the FM whole water and patience with poison throw up.	But even then the FM all water and injuries with poison is showering. 	But it FM is showering water and poison with injuries.
After the girls' schools, now the boys' schools are being destroyed.	Girls schools. Now, the school of boys are being destroyed.	Children's schools. now After the school boys are being destroyed. 	girls schools. after the boys school are being destroyed.
A curfew is imposed to make it easy for the Taliban to move.	The curfew is alleged that Taliban could facilitate movements.	Curfew is set up so easy to copy and Taliban can move. 	Curfew is set up so that the Taliban movements easily.
Tonight during the curfew, eight trucks entered the outskirts of Mingora during the curfew and made trenches.	Today, during the night curfew has made eight trucks crossed into the outskirts of during the curfew.	Today night curfew during the eight trucks Mingora penetrated in the countryside during the curfew given trenches. 	Today eight trucks during the curfew during the night curfew in the outskirts of Mingora, rival.
The question that arises is how they managed to get there in spite of the curfew.	The question is that they reached out there despite the curfew.	The question is how that despite the curfew There reached. 	The question is how that in spite of the curfew.
The army can kill Akbar Bugti in his house, but it salutes the Taliban.	The army Akbar Bugti, murder and Taliban in home.	Army Akbar Bugti, killed in the house is and Taliban 	House army Akbar Bugti, killed in and Taliban.
For Allah's sake, somebody make this army understand that they should get the helpless people of Swat out of the Taliban's grip and prove that the Pakistani army can overpower any enemy.	For God, the army understand that a bus of Swat people expelled from the grip of the Taliban and it will prove that the Pakistani Army can be won on any enemy.	God for any of the army that the Swat helpless people expelled from the grip of the Taliban and it should prove that the Pakistani army can be overwhelming on any enemy. 	For this Army of God that Swat The bus from the grip of the Taliban and should prove that the Pakistani army on any enemy can be overwhelming.
The gentleman says, "Most of the blood in the world has been spilled on the basis of religions; tell me now, would there be all this killing if there were no religion?"	Hazrat are the most blood faiths in the world has been on, religion is not, if you tell me that staff. his blood is not harm?	Hazrat most in world are based on the writings of blood was spilt, you told me that if religion could not be evil blood, it can not be? 	Prophet says most of the blood has been shed on the basis of religions in the world, you tell me that if not religion, it would not be evil blood?
Punjabi, Pathan, white and black, Mehsood and other tribes - are they all the results of religion?	Punjabi, Pathan, black and white, enviable and other tribes have it all of religion?	Punjabi, Pathan, white and black, Mehsood and other tribes all these things are the production of religion? 	Punjabi, Pathan, white and black, and other tribes. the production of all this?
No, absolutely not. Sir, religion is what teaches us that there is no black or white, no Punjabi or Muhajir. If there were no religion, half the world would have been destroyed in the battle between blacks and whites and the rest in the animosity between races.	Must not a fight that education is not only, Mr., religion is not a issue is not a refugee, otherwise, if not religion, the bitterness of half the world and caste community in fighting human beings become abstruse.	Never, not Mr. makes education, religion, it is that No No No refugee Punjabi otherwise no Kala historian if religion is not black himself and half of the world community in fighting the hostility of remaining confront human themselves. 	Does not, not, religion, education is that no white no black no Punjabi immigrant not otherwise if religion is not black himself and half of the world community in fighting the war and confront the rest of human beings.
Actually, it is religion that gives humans moral training and restraints. Humans did not come here on their own - the creator of the universe sent them here, and they must live according to His command.	Actually, but only human beings does morally bound train. And it is not our choice, but the creator of this world, it has to be, and it is to live according to the same order.	actually used religion to man the moral training here and this is bound to. he came not from their own but sent here by the creator Universe and this is According to the order here, is living. 	Actually religion only moral training and this is bound to his choice not to come, But the creator of the universe has sent here and here, According to the orders of the living.
As a Muslim, I am sure that Islam is a complete way of life and the true religion.	As a Muslim, I had all that Islam is a complete. And it is the true religion.	As a Muslim is sure I was a complete Hayat and true religion is Islam. 	As a Muslim, i am sure of Islam is a complete life and the true religion.
After moving to London, for several years I called each of my relatives first thing in the morning to ask how they were doing, although most of them had never even called me once to ask how I was doing. Then I realized that they do not even like me calling them. I stopped calling them.	Every morning in the years after the residence in London on the first to know of his other relatives, though it was not a time our news by phone, then I feel our call to them that we would not leave the call..	Living in London to adopt the After years in every morning before his every relative know on though. Most have never taken no our news by phone once again I realized that we also to phone them not countryman we had left to phone. 	residence in London after years of every morning before Televen on every relative of know, though most have never once also no news by phone, then I realized that not even bother to our call. we left the call.
I have felt the same living here in France for two years.	Two years when living in France occurred in the feel...	France from two years live in Wales in flashbacks, also What is felt. 	Has two years to live in France. I feel the support.
I don't know why but people expect me to be the one to make the phone call.	Regimen people only, we may keep hoped the phone.	diet of telephone to us why people not only migration are optimistic. 	Diet why not only the prospect of phone calls from US.
A resolution about Iraq passed in a few hours; sending "peace" troops to Darfur is not a problem at all.	On Iraq, has no problem to have, in a few hours, peace, the army.	about Iraq in a few hours, 'for Darfur peace, not sending any problem. 	about Iraq in a few hours, no problem to send peace forces to Darfur.
Immediate condemnation of the Mumbai attacks and a sanction on suspected organizations is in a matter of a few hours.	Mumbai is the work of ban on immediate condemnation of the attacks and suspected organizations, a few hours.	The Mumbai attacks immediately condemned and suspected organizations as Ban, few hours of work. 	Mumbai immediately condemned the attack and suspected organizations as Ban is the work of a few hours.
And we are deliberating about the places where death is rampant.	And where death is again to dance on this, we are advised advice.	Dance and where death is again about it. we are advice. 	And where death dance, then is about this, we are advice.
Hey you architects of world peace, lives are ending here!	Oh here, life is ending of world peace.	Oh, here life and world peace is concluded. 	Oh and world peace here, is the end of life.
Are you perhaps just waiting for it to end?	What really is then wait for the end of it.	Should wait for the end of it, is not. 	What really is not waiting for the end of it.
So that no oppressed person can even think of using a weapon of mass destruction like a slingshot to get his rights?	So that it could not even think wider as catapult for a victim to their right to use the weapons of mass destruction?	So no oppressed catapult to get our right as a broader to use the mass destruction weapons could not even think of? 	So then any oppressed its right to catapult as could not even think about the use of the weapons of mass destruction?
When a father is fleeing with the corpse of his dear son in his hands, does no part of your heart ache, even then?	When a person is being raised part of his liver, then a wave of pain in any part of the heart bouncer?	When a father lost their quarter of also are running again raised a wave of pain and with heart in any part of not shine? 	When a quarter of their loved ones raised is running if you in any part of the heart, a wave of pain not shine?
If not, then you don't deserve to be called human.	If not, you are not entitled to human.	If not, you not only entitled to the human 	If not, you human indulge in not only.
You're a black stain on the name of humanity.	But is a black spot in the name of humanity.	But a black spot in the name of humanity. 	But black spot in the name of humanity.
So it is proven that this area was the homeland of the Israelis, too, for thousands of years.	If it was proved that this area is home to thousands of years.	walk it proved that this area also is home to thousands of Israelis from the year. 	walk it proved that this area is also the country for thousands of years.
Ideally, both nations should live together in peace, but since their strings are in the hands of the West and the Arab countries, there can never be peace here without their approval.	But it is that both nations together in each other, and love, but they are in the hands of Western and Arab countries, since it could not establish peace without their will for ever.	It ought to be that both nations continue to love and love each together, but their strings since the West and Arab countries are in the hands of this for them, without the wishes of peace can not be set up here. 	Should be that both nations together continue to love and love, but their strings, since it is in the hands of Western and Arab countries, without their desire for here can never to establish peace in the region.
Even Iran now wants to fight its proxy war from here.	But now, Iran also wanted to fight with its war.	But now, Iran also wants to fight their proxy war here. 	But now, Iran want to fight a proxy war here.
Even if the Israeli operation stops for the time being, it will start up again after some other incident.	Action was also stop on temporary basis, it will be launched after an incident.	Israeli action as temporary were also stop any will be started after the incident, then. 	Israeli action at the time to stop, then will be started after the incident.
The interests of BBC's country lie with favoring America and Israel, and this is the reason why it has come out with a series of blogs on "Zionism" in the guise of "open-mindedness" and is making blind and one-sided "propaganda."	BBC the interests of the country are linked with America and Israel, and that is the reason, bright, it in the front, &quot;with a group of Warid was and blind, propaganda, and it is.	BBC national interests of the United States and Israel are associated with hospitality, and this is the reason that 'modernism, Zionism in the pretext of' 'based on a series of has been stated and unilaterally and unlimited' is'. 	To the BBC, the interests of the country, The United States and Israel are linked to the hospitality and this is the reason that modernism, under the pretext of the Zionism policies based on newcomer with a series of and unilaterally and unlimited ''.
BBC is merely fulfilling a formality and its only aim is to gather sympathies.	BBC is complete only,, and just as it is the purpose and interaction.	BBC just is doing' and just upheld The roundup its purpose and 	BBC just '' is doing just upheld the objective of this roundup and mean.
The moderator is requested to publish the comment of this humble applicant so that we can get an idea whether BBC still has any semblance of realism its material.	Sahib is that votarist published this comment. So that some idea is that the BBC is still remaining in facts, a little bit of humor.	With should be published comment is that this votary become so that the idea that a little bit of facts and substance in the BBC is still remaining. 	To that votary of this comment should be published so that the idea of the facts in the BBC that very little substance is still remaining.
Thanks.	Automic.	Thank you. 	Thank you.
Whoever wrote this story or however it came into existence, it is true that every age has had a Dracula who drinks innocent human blood.	Every time in the blood of innocent people are not address his story, who has written in existence, but it is a fact.	This story who did not know how came into existence but a written in every time is certainly are drinking the blood of more innocent people, 	Was not know how to write this story, but one thing is in every time are drinking the blood of innocent people,
Every age has seen wars and every age has seen bloodshed.	In every time used to stop. And every time in the blood is flowing.	Wars are used in every time and every time blood is flowing in. 	Wars are used in every time and every time in the blood is flowing.
The strange thing is how this person who thinks himself a very cultured person of the twenty-first century is silent over this massacre in broad daylight;	But the fact is that this man, who is a civilized adoption yourself day and head of the century common is silent on the murder of the people,	But it is surprising that the 21st century this man who is very civilized agree how their day silent on the murder and the public. 	But it's very strange that the 21st century is the man that is very civilized control how day and common is silent on the murder.
how he cannot feel that what is happening is showing the worst possible face of humanity.	This does not feel that whatever they are, are presenting a bad shape.	How it does not feel that whatever is happening of humanity is presented as one of the worst. 	How it does not feel that whatever is happening is the worst form of humanity.
The sad and tragic part of it is what picture this dark side of the cultured person will present to the person of the coming century.	It is unfortunate and sad aspect that coming to this aspect of human beings will made a century and picture before human beings..	regrettable and tragic aspect is that the culture of the black man developed a century and the human aspect, the front will present a picture. 	regrettable and tragic aspect is that the culture of human beings will present a picture in front of one of the century and human aspect of this.
Best regards, Sajjad ul-Hasnain, Hyderabad Deccan	Deccan,,	Khair fools, Hyderabad Deccan 	Khair fools,, Hyderabad Deccan
Right now, along with Dera Ghazi Khan, the whole country is receiving winter rains.	At this time, the country with Dera Ghazi Khan is the rain in winter.	This time in Dera Ghazi Khan along with the whole country are being the rains of winter. 	At this time of Dera Ghazi Khan, along with the winter rains in the whole country.
Here's a poem that goes along with the weather. Along with this poem, enjoy the rain.	According to weather a discipline is absent, along with the discipline, rain can.	According to weather a poem of This poem is absent, with rain dementia. 	According to weather a poem is absent, with this poem with rain.
Even these rains are like you	The rain also are you	The rains also Are you 	The rains are you
When they fall, there is spring	The year was, Bihar.	The years, Bihar are 	That year, Bihar.
When they pause, there is rest	The stay was, as.	The stay, have declared 	The bride, have declared
At times, coming without a reason	It was coming so due to a	Never has come easily without reason 	Never has come so the cause
At times, engulfing day with night	At this day was never conquered	Never. It was the night 	has never been conquered it only at night,
At times there is noise, at times silence	Sometimes noise is ever more &quot;.	Never noise are never a silent 	Never cry, speak.
Even these rains are like you	The rain also are you	The rains also Are you 	The rains are you
In someone's thoughts some night	A night in a memory	Someone in memory the night 	In any night
Buried ash	One was buried the ash	One was buried, to radical 	One buried a breeze to
Once extinguished	Sometimes it was that instead.	Sometimes it was that put off 	Once it was that put off
Which again ignited itself	Sometimes themselves burnt themselves	Never burned himself of himself. 	Never themselves burned himself.
At times there is grief in every drop	Some gradual grief C..	Never gradually are in grief, 	Never drop in grief are
Even these rains are like you	The rain also are you	The rains also Are you 	The rains are you
All these rulers are about to run away with briefcase in hand. They couldn't care less whether the country survives or not.	Were all these leaders are being one who want to take the case, what, country or less.	All these ruling away by a heavy case, were teeth, country or injustice. 	All these ruling a case and ran away, teeth, or the country.
Whether the people sell toothpaste or clean the bells of a temple with the skin of a lemon.	People with tooth-paste or lemon peel is destructive of Temples.	People sold or lemon peel and temples of the ringing. 	People sold or lemon peel the ringing of the temples.
For one thing, our media is as corrupt as our rulers.	One, our media is also forbidden as rulers.	As a rulers, our media is unlawful faster. 	Our media leaders like the unlawful.
Its only aim is to amass wealth from the government, nothing else.	The purpose is only collect money from the government, and nothing.	aim is only government to raise money and nothing. 	aims to raise money from the government and not.
As far as the people are concerned, they remain ignorant, and talking about them would be even more ignorant.	Are people, he was illiterate, the great ignorance to talk about it.	As he was ignorant people, to talk about it this ignorance of 	Is to talk to the people in the dark about it this ignorance of
A strange thing happened yesterday afternoon.	Noon yesterday was a strange case.	Yesterday afternoon strange matter. 	Yesterday afternoon, strange matter.
All the police running around, but no one asks about the illegal parking	All of the police here is a race on parking is not ask.	All the biggest police be race here was not asked to parking on. 	All of the race on the police have been on not to ask the parking.
or even looks at the cars. Illegal parking in NYPD traffic is another story.	And, the nypd traffic should also be illegal Park vehicles that was not in the mood.	NYPD and, and traffic was not in the mood that illegal Park cast an eye on vehicles. 	And and NYPD traffic was not in the mood to that illegal Park terms on vehicles.
It just so happened that a USAir vessel really became a vessel and landed in the Hudson river.	Was there was proof that a U.S. air plane really became the plane and landed in the river.	A plane of some U.S. airlines that was really became the plane and was "in the river. 	was such that a plane of the U.S. air really became the plane and Hudson River in form.
All the goose knows at this point is that the "terrorists" are related to the birds.	So far only know that &quot;terrorists&quot; belong to the generation of birds goose.	So far only so know that "terrorists" belonged to the generation of birds to goose. 	So far only know that terrorists belonged to the generation of birds goose.
Yesterday was perhaps the coldest day in New York history.	Yesterday was a historic cold of New York.	Perhaps historic cold of New York yesterday. 	Perhaps tomorrow New York's historic cold.
It doesn't usually go that low.	This amount is not.	It not so 	The Not.
My own jaw started to hurt after a half-hour walk outside.	Itself is attached to my jaw pain from outside the range of half an hour.	The walk out of my half an hour himself is having to jaw with pain. 	themselves to hurt my jaw with half of the hour.
You can imagine how the people must have felt who jumped from the plane into the river.	Hence, establish that these people were jumping from the plane in the river, the situation would be made.	Around realizing that these people were jumping in the river of the plane will be what recently happened. 	Around the fact that these people who jumped into the river from the plane will be the situation.
The good news is that all the people were safe.	Happy thing is that all people of all are safe.	Happiness is that all of the people were safe. 	Is that all of the people are safe.
And the bad news is that the company's plane drowned in this financial crisis.	And it is unfortunate that the aircraft of the company was drowning in this crisis.	plane of the thing is that the company and the drown in the crisis. 	And it is that of the company drown in the crisis.
Watching this, I went to New Jersey via the West Side Highway, even when I saw that the southbound lane was closed, so what did I do?	In all this was looking to see the way like the West side and was also seen that the South is closed did it?	It sees sees in West Side proposed Jersey from highway was closed and SEE ALSO that the South is still in what? 	See this opinion in the West Side highway and from New Jersey, and also that South is closed again, what I have?
Yes, I got stuck in traffic on my return.	G. was stuck in the same rush in return.	G was involved in this rush in return. 	The return was caught in the same rush.
Thankfully, during my one-hour trip the way opened up to some extent so I found the 56 Street exit.	Thanks, I had only opened some measure during an hour, that I was receiving the exit of 56 Street.	Thank my one hour during the spelling of, had opened the way that I was the exit of 56 street. 	Thank my one hour during the spelling of course some opened was given that I 56 of the street exit was only.
Seeing the lines across the first two exits, I had not taken them.	No, struck on the first two exit lines were to be seen.	In the first two exit, if not for this not to see the lines started on the. 	, if not the first two exit For did not see it on the lines.
Miki, My Pakistan: Congratulations to you, too. Happy Eid.	Buffet, my Pakistan: A Mubarak you Eid Mubarak.	Buffet, My Pakistan: Mubarak you, Eid Mubarak. 	Buffet, My Pakistan: congratulations to you, Eid Mubarak.
Ammar: Of course faithful ones.	: of course, faith	faith: Of course 	: Of course,
Shagufta: Congratulations to you, too. Happy Eid.	Bloom: A Mubarak, you Eid Mubarak.	bloom: Mubarak, you, Eid Mubarak. 	bloom: congratulations, you, Eid Mubarak.
Sara: I did two chickens. We do sacrifice, and Jahanzeb has explained the way we do it.	Sarah: if the two fowl is sacrifice is made, and as they are Jahanzeb has telling	Sarah: I have two made sacrifices Qurban and is like he has has given tell 	Sarah: I sacrifice two sacrifices, and as he is Jahanzeb has told
Other than this, there is no other way.	Besides this, and no way.	Besides this, no way. 	In addition to this, and there is no way.
And one needs to cook meat by oneself on this farm, including taking the skin off.	Transcribe including hides and meat after being on the form is also hardly make themselves.	And on this form to the meat also have to make himself including skin pottery. 	And on this form the meat have to make, including skin pottery.
Basim: It might take time for dot net to be repaired.	: India - the right to take time.	in the net for repairing dot com may take time. 	: the network in the right time.
What happened at the farm?	What happened on the forum?	Forum on what happened? 	Forum on what happened?
Linku	.		lincou
To beat the snow off the blog, try Firefox.	Hark to see, two hands.	Of Suno from two hands to see in 	The blog hark for two hands to look.
Duffer: Congratulations to you, too. Happy Eid.	: A Mubarak, you Eid Mubarak.	Mubarak, you, Eid Mubarak. 	: congratulations to you, Eid Mubarak.
Sir, use Firefox.	Sir G. used a crane.	Sir crane used 	The head used cranes.
The snow will disappear.	Snow will be missing.	Snow will be disappeared. 	Snow will be disrupted.
We were considering the Swati Taliban group to be uncultured just because they were complaining about the education of women.	We consider non-civilized. In free Swati Talabani faction who were weepingly only on the education of women.	We Swati Talibani was civilized think in free who was only favored on education of women. 	We Swati Talibani, free of charge, in a civilized society, which favored on the education of women.
Every day somewhere or other they were expressing their anger by demolishing schools and colleges for women.	The reserve every day or not anywhere they were expressed by demolishing the women&apos;s school and college.	This unhappiness to not gives every day of the demolished school and college women was expressed their. 	This anger every day not gives women The demolished school and college of expressing their.
But like most opinions, this one also proved to be incorrect. According to CNN, today, on the blessed day of Monday, a Taliban group blew up a boys' school.	But most ideas like this idea was also not prove correct, Barkat day Talabani faction with CNN today on Monday, according to the news of the boys, a school was demolished with explosives.	But also the way it often views opinion was not proved correct, CNN, According to the report, this today Monday blessing the independent day Talibani a school boys, demolished by explosives. 	, but the way it was not proved to be right, According to the news, the CNN today, Monday, in spite of blessing day Talibani demolished a school of boys from the explosives.
Swat, Taliban Demolish Boys' School	Swat, Taliban has demolished a school of boys.	Swat, a collapse of the Taliban school boys. 	Swat, the Taliban, the boys school collapsed.
In reality the girls' schools had only been demolished first based upon the famous English saying, "Ladies first." Who knows why people are still determined to call the Taliban uncultured, devoid of culture, savage?	Girls&apos; schools, in fact, the English word &quot;ladies first&quot; process were demolished a while ago, you are still not Taliban-civilized and civilization devoid savage say why downward.	Girls' school, famous in English saying "while working on the lawsuit first" demolished were made before, found people still not devoid from Taliban, civilized and culture animal to say why 	Girls' schools, In fact, the famous English saying the lawsuit, The first were demolished, people still don't know the Taliban cultured and culture for animal on why?
It is also made clear by this that the accusation leveled against the Taliban, that they're only against the education of girls is wrong -	This thing is also clear that Talabani faction and the allegation that they are only against the education of girls, is not true.	Talking to this one and it is also clear that Talabani started on the allegation that they are only against the education of girls, not right. 	One and it is also clear that Talabani at the allegation that they are against the education of girls, is not true.
Allah save them, they are against education itself.	But if they are against the education.	But they are against the education, 	But they are against the education.
May Allah the holy grant these holy warriors more strength	God-given them the mujahideen and power, and infernal government	God mujahideen on Pakistan and power, AND Infernal Government 	God and power to the Mujahideen, AND Infernal Government
and help them uproot the corrupt government that has been set over us.	Who is imposed on us, it causes to help them in. &quot;	Who is imposed on us, it's to help them in forgive. 	Who is imposed on us, it in the help.
Amen.	Amen, Amen.	Amen Amen. 	Amen Amen.
God save them; to this point 182 schools have been demolished.	Now, one hundred eighty two schools have to be demolished.	So far one hundred eighty school have been demolished. 	One hundred eighty school have been demolished.
Amongst Muslims there are traditions of deciding on the wedding of a boy and a girl even before their birth, getting a girl married to the Quran just to take away her property, and many Muftis insisting that a girl becomes mature at the age of eight. As if these were not enough, a girl was wed to a frog in India.	Muslims born before a permanent thing is to be wise and adult in this tradition, and many subtle that girl eight years to marry the Quran in the name of tradition, property, collecting, in India, that was not only less frog with the girl was married in the news.	Muslims Born in cemented, interested to talk before the survivors on the name property custom of marriage to the Quran, and many regarded the emphasis on the issue That Girl Aqil adults and be in eight years, is less the Frog in India, that had not been married the girl with the news. 	Muslims before being born in the tradition of the sound, property in the name of survivors from the Quran to marry tradition, and many regarded the emphasis on the fact that the girl is sane and adult in eight years, not less, The news that the girl with the frog marriage in India.
Look at the picture of the bridegroom taken at his wedding.	Look at the picture was taken on the occasion of the marriage of the bridegroom.	The toe see picture was on the occasion of marriage. 	toe on the occasion of the marriage of the picture.
This brought to mind the recent marriage of a girl to a dog.	Meanwhile, some time ago, the marriage of a girl with a dog was also fresh.	This some time ago from a married the girl with dogs were also fresh. 	With this some time ago also brings married the girl with a dog.
Look at that bridegroom, too.	He also witnessed the bridegroom.	They also see toe. 	See the bridegroom.
Humanity is scarce even in the twenty-first century.	In the 21st century, humanity is scarce.	humanity in the 21st century is also scarce. 	humanity in the 21st century is scarce.
This is the age of computers, and the interference of computers in every part of life is increasing.	Nowadays is removed and the intervention of a computer is widening in every walk of life.	intervention of today is the era of tomorrow and computer in every sector of life is increasing. 	Today, is increasing in every sector of life and the intervention of the computer.
Many people have reservations about this growing interference of computers, in things such as financial matters.	As many people have many on the growing interference of a computer on financial issues.	Many people in the computer and many are on intervention, such as financial affairs. 	computer to a lot of people a lot of this intervention, like that on financial issues.
While it makes the use of credit cards easy, it is also easier for law enforcement agencies to keep track of your personal life.	Where you are with the use of credit cards is also better law enforcement agencies on your private life to this relationship.	Where the use of credit cards to facilitate to you from there to the law enforcing agencies on the private life better grip. 	Where the use of credit cards to you to facilitate it with you on the private life of the law enforcing agencies also is better
Now you can be traced through financial transactions such as the record of your use of a credit card.	That financial issues such as the use of credit cards can now only been your address from the record.	Like that only financial affairs to record the use of credit cards can be identified. 	That only financial matters such as the record of the use of credit cards, you can be identified.
And in the future, when the use of real money becomes extremely rare, it will be even more useful.	And the benefits of this will be increased and the actual use in future will be very low.	And when to use real money in the future it will be extremely less benefits and will be increased. 	And when to use the real money in the future will be very little, and will be increased.
In the crime world too, instead of taking the risk of robbing a bank, the information from a credit card is hacked.	Similar crimes are taken blew up a credit card information instead of taking the risk of robbing a bank in the world.	Similar crimes in the World Bank, credit card instead of taking the risk of looting blew THE Information ARE. 	This kind of crime in the World Bank credit card instead of taking the risk Of Information ARE Made.
Similarly, now there are even ways of making friends through computers.	Similarly, now have become sources of friendship	Similarly, now have also become sources to friendship 	Similarly, now friendship to sources have become
Social networking websites like Orkut, Facebook, and Myspace rank highest in terms of popularity.	As social networks working web sites, book, fees and Mai popularity is meant in the first class.	social network working web sites such as fees and sold Mai come in first status in popularity. 	, social network working web sites such as, book and Mai popularity in the first.
But don't you think that the more we comply with these social networking sites, the more we are getting distanced from people on a practical level?	But do you not think that their social net works are amenable, practical people mentally as we are the same age.	But mentally, Do you not think that we as their social network under the works are at, so people are only. 	But do you not think that mentally we as their social network are manageable, the works are so far from the people.
There are even match-making websites, where your preferences are matched with the preferences of other people and the list of those compatible with you is provided.	Similarly, the web site of the match, where you like, like other people, which suits Mullah, the list of the people has been showing you.	Similarly match remaking the web site, where you have got to like to other people like the list of people who keep fit you is showing. 	Similarly match remaking the web site, where other people like you got to the Chemistry is on the list of the people.
Now can you spend your life with another person who is just like you?	So what you can just spending their lives with another person as his?	So what you just as soon as his life from a person can spending? 	Now you can just spent his life as a person?
I cannot. The reason why a life partner is also called the better half	If I could not ask for this, Jeevan colleague says the better half.	I can not spend half the dedicated partner for this also known better. 	I can not spend, dedicated for the same to half say better.
is that they make up for my flaws.	They will meet the defects that they have in me.	The flaws in me that they should they meet. 	In me that the They will meet.
I may have gotten the lesser share of wisdom.	I got only under some part in mind.	I got little perhaps some part in 1993. 	Perhaps I got some parts in the mind.
Since childhood, whatever my elders said was the truth to me.	From childhood, there was also a big saying is very true for me.	Any big since childhood, which says the only true for me. 	From childhood to any big who also say the truth for me.
For example, I was sure that my father knew the answers to all the questions in the world.	As was sure the world is known to every question.	This as believe had to know the answer every question of the world. 	As was sure know the answer every question in the world.
I was even made fun of because of this.	My very fun on this.	Also my fun on this quickly. 	I on this very fun quickly.
However, something seemed true to me only if it could be possible.	But only he was a true assessment which may be possible.	But only does he was really who was also possible. 	But he really does who also possible.
It was very perplexing why there was a need to lie.	That is very confusing false was also needed.	Many complications that false speaking of what was needed. 	Many complications that Lying was necessary.
I even suffered at that age for this reason.	In this age, it also raised a loss.	In this age also raised loss from it. 	In this age of the loss.
Therefore, I try to lie as little as possible.	Therefore, I try lies at least.	Therefore it is my effort at least lies. 	So I try to lie at least.
I try not to give anyone false hopes, especially in the name of Allah.	A false Lara sentiment, and he also attached with the name of God.	Any false Lara don't and he started with the name of Allah, The. 	Any false Lara don't and they started with the name of Allah.
And I only say "Allah willing" when praying to Allah that he fulfill some request.	And stronger already say when pray to God to fulfill that work.	And then say when I pray to God that job is finished. 	And you say then when you pray to God that the job is finished.
Allah knows best what my intentions are.	Of the remaining recently, only God knows better.	Rest of recently, only God knows better. 	The rest of the situation, only God knows better.
This is a nauseating problem, which has arisen because of estrangement from religion.	This is a nasty problem which has been created due to a distance from religion.	It is a hideous issue which was created because of the distance from religion. 	It is a hideous issue due to the distance, was born.
According to both our religion and the law of Pakistan, young children should stay with their mother.	According to both religion and law of Pakistan, innocent children should live with the mother.	According to the law of both Pakistan and having less children should be the mother. 	According to the law of Pakistan and the two small children should be the mother.
It is the father's duty to take care of their expenses, and he is allowed to meet with the children.	The cost is the responsibility of his father and the father can work with children.	Is responsible and his father spent his father may have to children. 	He is responsible for the cost of his father and his father to children.
Then when the children grow up, they can live with whomever they want.	And when children will be affected, that continue to live with it.	Then adults when children, be that want to be, which possesses. 	When the adult children, that want to have that.
You have rightly pointed out that relatives are the real problem because they give the wrong advice.	You also is correct that the real problem Aziz are friends and relatives who taught signs.	You have correct that the real issue relatives who are taught bandage quality 	You have the right and relatives that the real problem, which turned the bandage taught.
Why does our society frown upon the re-marriage of a 50- or 55-year-old husband or wife who has lost his or her spouse?	Just thinking is rampant on all our deeds.	thinking on all our deeds dominates. 	Not dominated on all our deeds.
We have a Pakistani uncle close to us. His wife died ten or twelve years ago. When he married a widow after getting all his children married, they all turned against him.	Here, the same thinking is work that will create new parts in the property of the father, and is opposed to this, otherwise the process of their father is appreciable and forgery.	Here is also working this philosophy that the father in the properties of the new section will be born, and this is opposed the otherwise his father's, is praiseworthy and this process. 	Here this thinking is that his father's work will create new part in property and is opposed to this process in his father's praiseworthy and forgery.
In my view this is a right that has been granted to him by the Sharia. What do you think?	These spasm about our relationship has created social evils.	Relatives here these spasm of establishments have created social abuses 	Our relationship with regard to these spasm establishments have created social abuses.
What kind of an attitude do we have that makes us say that we can't tolerate anyone taking our mother's place?	, and a widow, the concept of marriage is becoming scarce.	widow and the concept of marriage is scarce. 	, and the widow of the concept of marriage is scarce.
The feudal mindset dictates all our actions.	The senseless unfair and religious traditions are due to which the family system is the victim of the conflict.	This waste of blasphemy and traditions which are being family system due to chaos. 	This and the beliefs of the traditions are being due to family of the system.
The same mindset is at work here, that our father will have more children to claim their share in his property, so he must be stopped; if it weren't for this, their father's act would be praised and emulated.	In our society, if a 50 year old man to be dispatched as aha if the wife or husband of a wife and take the second marriage, it is not seen as a good view?	If a person 50 years in our society's wife of a wife or husband and be sent if tensions where they take second marriage, then why not seen a good view it? 	In our society, if a 50 person's wife, a husband or a wife if tensions and be left to take a second marriage, good, why not seen?
It is these hang-ups about marriage that have created the evils in our society.	A Pakistani uncle near US, his wife, 10, were died 12 years ago, now to the marriages of all children, after he was married to a woman, a widow, children were against them.	One Pakistani uncle, his wife near our ten or twelve had died a year ago after marriages now all children, He has married a woman widowed, children, have been taken against them. 	Near a Pakistani uncle. his wife, ten or twelve years ago had died, all children now married to a widow after he married a woman, child against them.
The concept of a marriage for a divorced or widowed woman is becoming extinct.	In my view, this is their legitimate right you are you?	In my view, this is his constitutional right, what you are saying? 	In my view, It is the legitimate right of what do you say?
Because of these useless beliefs and misplaced traditions, the family system is breaking down.	We are there to take the place of our mother, this will not be tolerated by us what kind of thinking is thinking?	Our any of our mother are to take place, It is not tolerate the thinking what kind of thinking? 	We take our mother's place, we would not tolerate the thinking what kind of thinking?
I think this man's children should consider that if he married a widow after getting all of them married, what did he do wrong?	In my view, the offspring of the person should think if all children after the marriage, he was married to a widowed woman, what is wrong?	I think he's children should think that after all of the children to weddings if he has married a woman widowed, did wrong? 	In my opinion The children should think that if all married children after he married a widowed woman, what was wrong?
This way the widow got support, and the uncle also got someone to take care of him.	In this way, the widowed woman was also received support and take a home to the uncle was the one	This way the widowed woman was also found support and the uncle was also found a assuming no home 	He got the support of the widowed woman and uncle was also found no home of plotting
Because his children must have gotten tied up in their own worlds, giving him no time.	Because their children, will have their world is busy and would do at this time.	because of their children their there would have been busy world Mega and time not deteriorate. 	, because their children their have been engaged in the world and will be time do not deteriorate.
The reason behind this is ignorance.	This is the reason barbarousness.	Because the barbarousness. 	The barbarousness.
If their wives refuse to take care of them when they're old, what will they do?	Yesterday, if their wives refused to serve the people, then they will be?	of tomorrow if they have refused to serve the old, then he 	To their refused to serve the old, then he was?
This is a result of societal pressure.	This is a result of the pressure of the society.	This is the result of the pressure of the society. 	This is the result of the pressure of the society.
When people ridicule a family for such a thing, children start to feel embarrassed because of their father's re-marriage,	When people such a move is based on such families are fun, children to be embarrassed on father&apos;s second marriage	When people on this activity such fun of the family, children is being embarrassed on his father's second marriage 	When the people there of the family fun, with children is to be embarrassed by his father's second marriage
when they should face up to the situation and say that what their father did was completely in accordance with Islam.	Although they should face the situation and should say that his father was a process to the eyes of Islam.	Though they should face the situation should and say that the process of their father accordance of Islam. 	Though they should face and said that his father was in accordance with the process of Islam.
This is a curse in our society, which we have been suffering from for the last 40-50 years.	This is a curse in our society, we have been fully in the last 40-50 years.	It is a curse in our society last 40 -50 years, we have been facing fully in. 	In our society, It is a curse for the last 40 -50 victim in the year.
A wife even accepts it if her husband goes around having extra-marital relations, but she does not allow him to marry a second time.	For a wife, it is accepted that Mian forbidden to be used, but that no other marriage.	It is approved that a wife to Mian unlawful being but other does not married to keep. 	A wife, it approved that the forbidden does but not second marriage to keep it.
If she could, she wouldn't even let him do it after her death.	If the bus to be given to carry after his death.	If in the bus to, even after his death. 	If even after his death in a bus.
On top of ruining things for her husband, she ruins them for herself in the afterlife as well, and also gives cause to the spread of filth in society.	Mian along with their conclusion is not only a major cause of pollution developments in society.	Mian, along with his doomsday also destroyed and leading cause of dissemination filth in the society. 	Mian, along with their as well as a major cause of waste and pollution in the society.
It's no use talking about Islam; in reality we only like what goes along with our traditions and customs.	Islam is a strain of Islam, we really do like those who are our practice and traditions.	Islam strain of Islam nothing happens we like those which are our tradition. 	Islam strain of Islam it does not, we like the same, who are our customs and traditions.
For instance trading girls for marriage, killing girls for accusations of adultery, depriving girls of an education, and shooting them for marrying of their own choice.	For example, home, on the marriage of girls to part with education and like.	Example, Bani rehabilitation, education for girls keep bestowed by on marriage and the like. 	, for example, Bani, keep in education to girls, and married on.
As far as your question is concerned, instead of bringing the widow to his own home, if the man had gone to the widow's home, his heirs would have settled down and been satisfied after making some fuss about it (although the widow's heirs would then become jealous).	Are you get leave the house of a widow themselves instead of bringing home to the question, Mr. big, a widow, become quiet and satisfied by the uproar over him on (yes again in the stomach of a widow distorting bouncer).	You are home to the widow question, Mr. big himself a widow, instead of bringing them go home, over the top somehow grumpy by experimenting and satisfied with the widow (Yes contraction in the stomach again 	You are the big question, Mr. Widow to bring home instead of a widow go home, over top mum and satisfied by experimenting with them Yes, The widow of the again in the stomach strain.
Although we accepted Islam in the Indian sub-continent centuries ago, to this day we have not been able to get rid of this ignorant mindset and still prefer tradition and custom over Islam.	In the subcontinent, Pakistan and India, we have accepted Islam, centuries ago. But this ignorantly thought to be very important to follow Islam to practice and tradition and not be released until today.	In Pakistan and Indian subcontinent we have accepted centuries before Islam, but this thinking ignorantly today could not belonging to pursue and go to Islam only welcome with tradition. 	continent we have accepted before Islam centuries in both India and Pakistan but could not to pursue this ignorantly thinking and the tradition of Islam,.
A man's second marriage is obscene, divorce is a blot that cannot be hidden, a divorced woman is untouchable, marriage by choice ruins reputations, and a man's marriage with a older woman is seen as a result of the woman's trickery. All these attitudes reflect the same mindset.	Absurdity to the second marriage, divorce, interpretation of defamation, divorce untouchable to other women, like men, marriage is only due to this thinking with the result of the slyness of the dignity of the woman married to a woman on the spot and his great age of men.	Bawdy Men's second marriage, divorce on coronation of defamation, developed divorcing woman's marriage to respect like untouchable, marks on his age of And the men of this woman married to a woman of understand the result of deceitfulness is only due to this philosophy. 	nonsense to men's second marriage, divorce interpretation of defamation, divorced woman untouchable, married to honor the men and women from the age of marriage from the woman's slyness result due to take the same approach.
And to copy the Western nations we call abstinence and using the veil an outdated thing.	And, in the copy of the Western nations, we are terming the old continent and curtains.	In a copy of, and Western nations and we are called old continent and invisible. 	And, and western nations in the continent and invisible as obsolete.
Accepting Islam was easy; getting rid of this mindset is very difficult.	Secrete very difficult to accept Islam, this thinking was easy to follow.	Islam, it was easy to accept to depose pursue thinking very difficult. 	To Islam, it was easy to think back to depose very difficult.
May Allah give us all the strength and courage for this.	God, we all its courage and 1971 provided.	God we all the courage and Atta representation. 	God we all the courage and Ata representation.
Amen.	Amen.	Amen. 	Amen.
Writing Urdu was never this hard.	Urdu writing was never then so difficult.	Was so difficult, never write Urdu. 	Urdu write so difficult, never.
Centuries have passed since I've written so much.	Bait. So you should write.	harmonious Beit writes like writes. 	Harmonious home again writes like so much.
Consider this little bit enough.	Very few.	matter a lot. 	matter to.
May Allah protect you.	Allah Hafiz.	May Allah protect. 	May Allah protect us.
Ameer Taimur in his book I Am Taimur writes that I have learned one thing in life - if the commander of an army is on the front line that army will never lose.	Amir Timor writes in his book &quot;I&apos;m Timor&quot; is that in his life, the secret found that if any army commander in chief will be in the first line, the army will not ever failed.	Rich Timor in his book "I write in Timor" that is his life in this secret found that if any of the army commander in chief, the army will be in line first would failed. 	Rich Timor in his book in Timor I write that his life in it that if any of the army commander in chief will be in the first line, The army never failed.
But here, the situation is totally different.	But on the other hand, the same situation and.	But on the other hand, are conditions and 	But on the other hand, the situation and are
They say, "The common people are here to die for us. If we die, we're martyrs."	It says people, is only to die for us, we have	This say people are dying for US, we for martyred 	Say people die for US, we, martyred
If a common person dies, it's just a casualty.	A Murray, murder in people	Murray, of the people killed 	People in my dear,
Peace, mercy, and blessing be upon you.	Islam,	Assalamu Alaikum 	Assalamu Alaikum,,
Tonight when I was coming back to the shop after prayers, a man sitting in a car raised his hand to call my attention.	Today, after the prayer of Isha prayers at night by the shop was about a man who has a car in his hand.	Today night after Isha prayers shop in a man in a car organs attract the hands. 	After Isha prayers today night in shop on behalf of the a man in a car The his attention.
I thought, maybe he's lost or wants to ask me something. I stopped and saw that his whole family was sitting in the car.	In the way this man has been forgotten in the car stopped in his whole family was settled.	In the this man way been forgotten stop in his entire family was sitting in the vehicle. 	In the to forget this man has been in vehicle in his entire family was sitting.
He asked me if I could understand Arabic well or not. I said, "No problem, tell me what's the matter."	He said in Arabic, not that good side that there is not a problem?	He depends in Arabic in the unseen understand that not good you said that is not a problem 	The depends in Arabic to good understanding of the unseen in that you said that there is no problem?
He said, "I have come here to Madina from Riyaz, but someone has pick pocketed me. Please help me." I said, "Sorry brother, I've fallen for this trick before. I gave a guy twenty riyals to fill up with petrol to go to Riyaz, but he just went a little way down the road and started telling people the same story."	He said in Riyadh that here in Medina, but no one has sought to cut my pocket, you are a charity to help forgive demanded brothers, because the individual in an incident that my first SR stressed that the petrol consolidated to leave, but it has barely started.	He depends in Riyadh from in Medina here but it took off my pocket you please forgive any should help In said that "my brother, because one, with the first that in Banda riyals surveillance with that full petrol go away, but it bit work has begun. 	The centre in Riyadh depends here in Medina, but my pocket cut you please forgive said that in any help, brother, because 1 with my first that this individual real surveillance that petrol from the full go away, But he started getting to work.
I got really angry and tried to scare him off saying I'd call a cop, so he took off.	I have a threatened to the very angry.	I felt great anger has threatened to silent 	I am very angry has very threatened silent.
The situation has become such that we Muslims take our family with us on a car to beg and make at least two to three thousand a day.	This condition has now we come vehicles family for demanding the Muslims are less entire pillager defeat.	Nawab this condition has been demanding the Muslims we are treated with family also vehicles for the noble least pillager stakes. 	Nawab this condition has also for the vehicles of the Muslims family with the in improving the least Hazarika pillager.
Whereas there is a clear tradition (may Allah bless him and give him peace) that says that the upper hand is better than the lower hand because the upper hand gives while the lower one takes.	Clear and Hadith (this God him)) under the better down to beg.	While it (hadith upon Allah defendant Muhammed) under the hand from the under demanding to 	While the Hadith Prophet value PBUH, under the Under demanding to.
(May the most high Allah be kind to us and make us true Muslims. Amen.)	God, we should build (Amen, Amen)	Almighty Allah we will made (Amen Amen) 	Allah we What the Made Amen Home Page
Peace to you	.		
Javed Iqbal	.		
Distinguished singer Adnan Sami's wife went to a police station in Mumbai, accusing him of beating her.	Renowned singer adnan sami reached Mumbai police station on his wife while accused of violence	The renowned singer Adnan Sami on his wife accused of violence, reached a Mumbai police station 	renowned singer Adnan Sami on his wife accused of violence, while a police station in Mumbai, reached
The police have advised her to go to court.	, the police instructed them to go to court.	police station, gave him instructions to appeal to the court. 	, police station, to get in touch with the court.
Adnan Sami's wife Sabah Guladari filed a petition against her husband that he constantly beats her,	Adnan sami&apos;s wife had filed against her husband that adnan sami continuous violence on them.	Adnan Sami's wife, appeal against her husband, the continuous violence that Adnan Sami on them. 	Adnan wife of Sami Saba her husband against the application of the continuous violence that Adnan Sami.
treats her inhumanely,	Institutional and non-human behavior have been established.	And human behavior are right, 	And human behavior is,
and now this has become unbearable for her so a case should be filed against Adnan Sami.	Now that it has been out of their tolerance should be filed a case against adnan sami	Now it out by their bear is therefore be registered a case against the Adnan Sami 	Now it has been out of their tolerance, therefore, Adnan case should be registered against Sami
The police advised her to go to the court instead of filing a case, saying that they could not get involved in the matter.	They instructed to go to court, instead of a case to the police, saying that the issue is not reliable hand degraded police.	saying instead of police have registered a case to these instructions to appeal to the court that the lottery diarrhoea police is not the issue. 	, police has registered the case and asked to get in touch with the court, saying that this matter is not police the lottery.
In your opinion, is Adnan Sami's wife's accusation against him true?	In your opinion, adnan sami accused of his wife is correct?	In your opinion, Adnan Sami on his wife's allegations are correct? 	In your opinion, Adnan Sami on charges of his wife is correct?
Could this accusation be an attempt by India to ruin Adnan Sami's reputation?	The Indian effort to defamed the allegation adnan sami anywhere, not?	This allegation Adnan Sami anywhere, not try to spoil the Indian? 	This accusation Adnan Sami Indian attempt to defame not?
Tell us what you think about this.	Informed their opinion about this.	about his opinion in this regard. 	Their opinion in this regard.
Adam Sanghar, Mehr.	- Adam, Sanghar, Mehr.	Mehr, the city 	Adam, Mehr.
As far as accusations are concerned, anyone can make them against someone.	As far as charges are concerned, any person can see on the other.	As far as the allegations is concerned, any other human define can get is 	As far as the allegations is concerned, no one can get the second.
There's nothing more important than respectability.	There is no thing of increasing respect	honor is not anything more than 	With Dignity is no thing more
Whatever the relations are between Adnan Sami and his present wife, Adnan Sami left a respectable life and went to India to earn money. Now this popularity has become a liability to him.	Are some of the current wife and adnan sami adnan sami left their respect for life and the money was India, now embraced it the same day.	The present wife and Adnan Sami belong There are some of my honor Adnan Sami life was money earner after leaving India, is now embraced the same fame psychologist 	Current wife left the life of my honor and any relation of Adnan Sami Adnan Sami money earner was India, Now the popularity of the psychologist
This is a consequence of his own actions.	This is the issue of its actions.	This is the consequence of his actions 	This is the consequence of his actions.
Washington...	Washington.	Washington... 	Washington.
Senior American officials say that President Obama will maintain a tough stand regarding Afghan president Hamid Karzai.	Senior American officials said that the President will be a hard stance on Afghan President Hamid Karzai	Senior American officials said that President Afghan President Hamid Karzai will adopt strict stand in about 	Senior American officials said that President Obama will adopt a tough stand about Afghan President Hamid Karzai
In America's new strategy for Afghanistan, war has been given more importance than development.	About Afghanistan, America has been given much importance to the war instead of development in the new strategy.	About Afghanistan, instead of development in the new US strategy in has been more importance to the war. 	Instead of development in the new strategy of the United States in Afghanistan, has been given more importance.
Officials say that Hamid Karzai is being considered a hindrance in the achievement of American objectives in Afghanistan because there is corruption in the government, the drug business has increased, and Taliban forces are reforming.	Officials say that Hamid Zai obstacle in the achievement of American goals in Afghanistan is being considered, because the government is corruption, the drug trade has been increasing and the strength of the Taliban is again being collected.	Authorities say that Hamid Zai for American targets in Afghanistan is being considered as obstacle in getting the drugs because there is corruption in government, business has increased and the strength of the Taliban again is being collected. 	Officials said that Hamid Zai is being considered as a hurdle in the goals of the US forces in Afghanistan because of corruption in the government, business has increased and the strength of the Taliban is being collected.
American officials say that in the American administration, the ones who are pressurizing Hamid Karzai to do more include Vice President Joe Biden and Richard Holbrooke, President Obama's representative for Afghanistan and Pakistan.	American officials said that in the American administration, and people who are put under pressure for Hamid Karzai has much more include the Vice President, and President representative Richard Hall about Afghanistan and Pakistan.	American officials said that the US administration is to the people more for some of the pressure on the Hamid Karzai put his vice president who are and representatives of Afghanistan and Pakistan's president about Richard Hall. 	American officials said that the US administration in those people who are more on Hamid Karzai put some pressure for a vice president who about Afghanistan and Pakistan President Obama's representative Richard Hall consist of.
They said that this strategy has emerged after the departure of President Bush, who used to have a video conference with Hamid Karzai every two weeks and emphasize the American role in the reconstruction of Afghanistan and it's urban organizations.	He said that the strategy has emerged after President Bush, who was talking a video conference with Hamid Zai after every two weeks and it was stressing the US role in the reconstruction of Afghanistan and its civilian institutions.	He said that this strategy is to come to the fore after President Bush, who with every two weeks Zai Hamid after a video conference and he was on Afghanistan and the American role in the reconstruction of civilian institutions on stressed. 	This strategy, He said, come after US President George Bush, who is every Hamid after two weeks, with a video conference and stressed on the American role in the reconstruction of Afghanistan and the citizens of this on them.
Officials say that the Obama administration will work with provincial leaders as an alternative to the central government.	Officials say that the administration will work with the provincial leaders as the alternative of the central government.	Authorities say that administration of the central government, will work with the provincial leaders. 	Officials say that administration will work with the provincial leaders as an alternative to the central government.
Officials say that they will urge Hamid Karzai to continue the war against corruption.	Officials say that he will Hamid Zai stressed the further war against corruption.	Authorities say that they Zai Hamid stressed the war against corruption more to offer. 	Officials say that they, Hamid Zai will focus more on the fight against corruption.
Hamid Karzai will face new elections this year, and it is not yet clear whether or not Obama and his associates will support him for the presidency.	Hamid Karzai is facing new elections this year, and it is not yet clear that and his colleagues will support for his presidency or not.	Hamid Karzai is facing a new elections this year and it is still not clear that and his companion for the chairmanship will support them or not. 	Hamid Karzai is facing new elections this year and it is still not clear that and his companion for the presidency will support them or not.
Is this statement by the American officials a prelude to a change in American policy?	This statement of American officials presented a tent, not a change in U.S. policy regarding Afghanistan?	This statement of the American officials with regard to Afghanistan's indication of a change in American policy, not? 	American officials issued a statement with regard to Afghanistan no indication of a change in American policy?
Is Hamid Karzai's time coming to an end?	What is the far end of Hamid Karzai?	What is the end of Hamid Karzai? 	Is the end of Hamid Karzai?
What is your opinion about this?	It is the opinion of you?	In your opinion what about this? 	In this regard, What is your opinion?
In the series of three one-day matches between Pakistan and Sri Lanka, Sri Lanka beat Pakistan 2-1.	In a series of three one-day matches between Pakistan and Sri Sri Lanka has defeated Pakistan 1-2.	Between Pakistan and Sri three one day matches against Sri Lanka in the series of 1 6-2 defeat to Pakistan. 	Pakistan and Sri between Sri Lanka and Pakistan in the series of three matches a day 1 defeated 3-2.
In the first one-day match, Pakistan defeated Sri Lanka, but in the next two matches, Sri Lanka came out on top.	In the first one-day match, Pakistan has faced with defeat to Sri Lanka, but the next two Sri Lanka won.	One day before the match in Pakistan a crushing defeat to Sri Lanka, However the next two Sri Lanka won the election. 	A crushing defeat to Sri Lanka in one day, but the next two Sri Lanka has won the election.
The national cricket team's performance was extremely poor in the third one-day match. It collapsed after 75 runs in only 23 overs, in response to Sri Lanka's 309 runs, thus facing a punitive defeat.	In the third one-day match, the performance of the national team was very poor, nose and warning that it faced defeat on the national team, only 23 overs runs in response to Sri Lanka.	third one day national cricket team's performance in the match was very poor, Sri Lanka's national team only in response to the 309 23 overs 75 runs to and thus he faced lesson nose of defeat. 	A day in the third match in the performance of the national cricket team is very poor, the national team of Sri Lanka 309 runs only 23 overs in reply of 75 runs on and thus he had to face defeat of caution.
The results of the series prove that there is a lack of consistency in the performance of the national cricket team.	As a result of the series, it is proved that the performance of the national team is not in succession.	series with the result it is proved that the national cricket is not ended in the performance of the team. 	The result of the series this proves that there is no continuity in the performance of the national team.
Despite all the claims and the advantage of playing on home ground, the national team faced defeat. What do you think are the reasons?	Despite the home ground and all national team was facing defeat, in your view of this, what are the reasons?	Home ground and Despite all the claims the national team facing defeat, in your opinion, what are the reasons of this? 	Home ground, and despite Of all the claims, the national team defeated, in your opinion, what are the reasons for this?
Which areas of play do the authorities need to pay attention to?	Authorities which departments need more attention?	Authorities is necessary to pay more attention on the decisive areas of? 	Authorities the need to give more attention to the fields of?
Are you satisfied with the team's selection?	You are satisfied with the selection of the team?	Are you satisfied with the selection of the team? 	Are you satisfied with the selection of the team?
Which area do you blame for the defeat - fielding, batting, or bowling?	You will put the responsibility of the defeat on which department, fielding, batting and bowling.	You defeated the responsibility of what will control department, fielding, batting or bowling? 	You will be the responsibility of the sector, fielding and batting or bowling?
Tell us what you think.	Informed his opinion.	about his opinion. 	Their opinion.
Malik Babar Hussain, Jeddah. It is very sad that even in modern times, such traditions of ignorance are still in place. Landowners and others with power and prestige use their tyrannical authority to target innocent people. Who would call them Muslim?	- country Babar Hussain, Jeddah, this land is a matter of regret that the modern era of today are also continuing ignorantly such cultures, their related his savagely they are targeting innocent people with us who will say?	Babar Hussain, Jeddah, a lot is sad that today's modern man, this kind of ignorantly goes on cultures are Villa, farmer from its sovereignty savagely landowners are targeting innocent people who will ask them? 	Country Babar, Jeddah, It is very sad that the era of Also ignorantly cultures goes on this land, farmers, the landlord savagely sovereignty from targeting the innocent people who are will say?
Some day one of these men with power should walk on these coals himself. Why doesn't the present government do anything against them?	Sometimes a Sardar walks on these to you, the time does not as action against them?	Never any Sardar you trench going on, Why does not government action against them? 	Any Sardar you on the trench, the government does not take action against them?
When will there be justice from the courts?	Judicial Justice when work.	Judicial justice came when work 	Judicial justice When work came
The Sri Lankan cricket team has come to Pakistan to play a one-day international series.	The Sri Lankan team reached Pakistan play a one-day international series.	Sri Lankan cricket team play the one day international series has reached Pakistan 	Sri Lankan cricket team to play one day international series has arrived in Pakistan
A foreign cricket team coming to Pakistan in spite of the tension between Pakistan and India is a promising sign.	Despite Pak-India tension, the arrival of any foreign team is pleasing.	Any foreigner, despite the tension between Pakistan and India cricket team's arrival is welcome. 	The tension between India and Pakistan, despite the arrival of the foreign team is welcome.
Sri Lanka's team was warmly welcomed on its arrival at the Karachi airport.	At the Karachi airport arrival of the Sri Lankan team was welcomed.	The Sri Lanka team at the Karachi airport was warmly received. 	The Sri Lankan team was warmly welcomed at Karachi airport.
There will be two one-day matches between Pakistan and Sri Lanka in Karachi, and a third one-day in Lahore.	Two one-day match between Pakistan and Sri Lanka will be the third one-day in Lahore and Karachi.	One day two match between Pakistan and Sri Lanka, while the third one day will be in Lahore, Karachi 	Two one match between Sri Lanka and Pakistan, while the third will be one day in Lahore, Karachi
Both teams are making vociferous claims about their bowling, batting, and fielding.	Both teams are to be made by the big noise about bowling, batting and fielding.	Of both teams about bowling batting and fielding by big tall claims are being made. 	Both teams from the bowling, batting and fielding a tall claims are being made.
Sri Lankans are proud of their spinners, while Pakistan trusts its fast bowling.	Sri Lanka, who has to take on their spinners, Pakistan has relied on fast bowling.	Sri Lanka spinners on his affection for those who is faith in the Pakistan fast bowling. 	To Sri Lanka is on his spinners to Pakistan faith on the fast bowling.
Sri Lanka's captain Mahela Jayawardene says that it's not just one player in Pakistan's team; the whole team is a force to be contended with.	The Sri Lankan captain J. says that no one player of the Pakistan team, the team is dangerous.	Sri Lanka's captain Chandana says that the Pakistan team is one of the players is not dangerous, the whole team. 	Sri Lanka captain Chandana has said that one of the Pakistan team player, the whole team is dangerous.
Murlitharan and Mendis will be the trump cards; Pakistan's captain says the competition will be tough.	While muralidharan and card will be the captain of Pakistan said that the competition will be tough.	Muralitharan and trump card will be while Pakistan captain said that the competition will be very strict. 	Muralitharan and Mendes Trump agreed unconditionally card will be while Pakistan captain said that the competition will be very strict.
Shoaib Malik has said, "We have played Murlitharan; we'll see how Mendis does. We've prepared a secret game plan, which we will demonstrate on the field."	Shoaib Malik has said that MURLITHARAN has played, will also see, we have prepared a secret game plan, it will be held in this field.	Shoaib Malik has said that played to Muralitharan, will also take we have prepared a secret game plan, showing its will, in the field. 	Shoaib Malik said that played on Muralitharan, will also see, we have prepared a secret game plan, rendering it, will be in the field.
Will Pak versus Sri Lanka be as interesting and sensational as is claimed?	According to Sri Lanka, what really Pak will be interesting and sensational.	What really Pak Sri Lanka will be interesting and according to the sensational claims? 	Really, Sri Lanka, According to the claims will be interesting and sensational?
Which team will dominate in the series between Pakistan and Sri Lanka?	In the series between Pakistan and Sri Lanka, whose border will be heavy?	Pakistan and Sri Lanka in the series between the fringe of how heavy will be? 	The series between Sri Lanka and Pakistan in what will be the border?
Who will win the series?	Series who will win?	Who will win the series? 	Who will win the series?
Who will be the man of the series?	Who will be the man of the series?	Who will be the Man of the Series? 	Who will be the Man of the Series?
Tell us what you think.	Informed his opinion.	about his opinion. 	Their opinion.
Gulfam, London. You publish statements of your choice and those are the ones you give preference to. We wish that you also write something true. Do not play with words like Mukherjee, because we have been ordered to speak the truth in front of an unjust ruler, and this is the same as jihad. What to say about Mukherjee, he tries to stay in the news by changing what he says.	-rosy, London, the statement of their choices are you prefer these are our desire is that something you should not write truth like statement over again because no crane, ahead of the brutal Lord is ordered to say the right thing, and this is equally Jihad statement said that the change in the reports to be tried.	London, statement of his choice, you also are giving the priority to our wish is that the writing something you really like Mukherjee will not bend unshackled cranes In the statement because brutal Hakim and it is ordered to say right ahead of jihad Mukherjee is similar to what the statement said of change are trying to keep in the news 	Rosy, London, The statement you even to give priority to our desire is that you should tell the truth, not back in the state of Mukherjee crane as brutal Lord right ahead of the order and the jihad is Mukherjee said of the statement and try to stay in the news.
British Foreign Secretary David Miliband has said that solving the Kashmir issue would end extremism and enable the government of Pakistan to take care of the threats emerging in the Frontier Province effectively.	- country Yusuf, Dubai.	Yusuf, Dubai. 	Country Yusuf, Dubai.
Before this, American President-elect Obama had already expressed similar thoughts on the Kashmir issue.	All this is the axis of those Kashmiris are fighting the war of independence from the last 60 years.	This is what all of those people laid Kashmiri last 60 years are fighting a war of independence from the 	All of these people are fighting a war of independence for the last 60 years.
The British Foreign Secretary, in his talk with the media in Mumbai and in one of his essays, has said that the idea of a war on terror is wrong. Justifying the murder of people on the basis of the threats that faced him was the policy of President Bush.	No one has not been asked, now they have stuck the war of extremism and terrorism, compromise started cleaning things.	No body has not asked now the man caught the war extremism and terrorism have started cleaning the compromise, things are contained 	Nobody asked not now have caught the same man of extremism and terrorism, patch started the talks.
David Miliband has said that Pakistan should not show any leniency to extremist groups.	First, Muslims were massacred and resolve the issues in the cycle.	First murder of Muslims are common in the cycle of resolve issues now 	Before the murder of Muslims in seeking to resolve the issues.
Due to the emphasis the superpowers have placed on the need to resolve the Kashmir conflict, could India be trying to divert attention from this problem by creating tension in the region?	However, Pakistan will have to understand their policy.	However, Pakistan will have to understand their dual policy, 	However, Pakistan will have to understand their dual policy,
Could the terrorism in Mumbai be a part of this strategy?	London - Asad Khan,	Khan, London 	Asad Khan, London
Does India want to avoid inclusive negotiations using terrorism as an excuse?	India is creating this kind of situation that the attention of the world should be removed from Kashmir	India is create this kind of situation that the world attention should be removed from Kashmir 	India this kind of situation is that the attention of the world away from Kashmir be
Tell us what you think.	But Pakistan has always face of the reality of India in the world.	But Pakistan has always face of reality of India is of the world 	But Pakistan has the face of the reality of the world.
Malik Yousuf, Dubai.	The British government is now understand why the name of Indian terrorism from Pakistan to occupy the infamous and Kashmir are stealing eyes	Now British government also understand this is the same for Name maligned Pakistan with the Indian terrorism from Kashmir eyes are stealing 	Now, The British Government is also considering this Indian Kashmir to Pakistan in the name of terrorism from the eyes are stealing
All this has been done by these people. Kashmiris have been fighting for freedom for the last sixty years.	And they were talking on this issue with Pakistan.	While talking on this issue with Pakistan and are investing 	While on this issue with Pakistan and are investing
No, no one asked them. Now that they are stuck in the war against extremism and terrorism, peace talks have been started.	British Foreign Minister David got band has said that the solution of the Kashmir problem would end terrorism, and the government will deal with the dangers of an effective way to give birth on the Pakistan border.	British Foreign Minister David received band has said that resolving the Kashmir issue will be end extremism from taking the rise on the Pakistan border, government will be able to deal with the effective way dangers. 	British Foreign Minister David got the band has said that extremism will be removed from the resolution of the Kashmir issue, The government will deal with the dangers on the border with Pakistan.
First they massacred Muslims, and now they want to resolve issues.	It should be noted that before the newly elected US President have also expressed similar views on the Kashmir issue.	It should be noted that prior to this newly elected US president also has expressed the views of like this on the Kashmir issue. 	It should be noted that prior to this, the newly elected US President Obama also expressed similar views on the Kashmir issue.
Anyway, Pakistan will have to understand the double standards in their policy.	The British Foreign Minister talking to media in Mumbai and the subject has written that the war against terrorism is falsely dangers facing himself was President Bush&apos;s policy to kill people by force.	British Foreign Minister, Speaking to media in Mumbai in interaction article wrote that the war against terrorism is a wrong idea of making himself justify the dangers faced by President Bush's policy was to kill the people. 	British Foreign Minister talking to the media in Mumbai and wrote in the article that the war against terrorism is wrong, the risks facing the reason President Bush's policy was to kill people.
Asad Khan, London	David got band has said that Pakistan should not show any leniency for extremist groups.	David received band has said that Pakistan is for extremist groups will not show any leniency. 	David the band has said that Pakistan will not show any leniency for extremist groups.
India is creating a kind of situation to divert the world's attention from Kashmir,	By big powers, due to stress on the need for the resolution of the Kashmir issue, India is not trying to remove the attention to this issue, tension in the region.	Of major powers stressed the need to resolve the Kashmir dispute to India due to the tension in the region this issue is not, try to divert attention from? 	Major powers on the need for the resolution of Kashmir dispute with India because of tension in the region trying to divert attention from the problem, not?
but Pakistan has always shown the world the true face of India.	In Mumbai, terrorism are not part of this strategy?	Terrorism in Mumbai, not part of this strategy? 	In Mumbai terrorism is not part of this strategy?
Now the British government also understands this, which is why on the basis of the terrorism in India it is defaming Pakistan and ignoring the occupancy of Kashmir	Is India wants to escape from the process of composite dialogue based by terrorism?	What India to making terrorism wants to escape from the process of composite dialogue is? 	India wants to escape from the process of composite dialogue on the basis of terrorism?
and is hesitating in talking to Pakistan about this problem.	Their opinion informed me.	about his opinion. 	about his opinion.
Usman Aftab	- Usman Aftab.	Aftab. 	Usman Aftab.
I don't think the superpowers want to cause permanent harm to Pakistan;	In my opinion, big powers are not to the full loss to Pakistan.	In my opinion, the big powers are not in the mood to provide complete loss to Pakistan 	In my opinion, the big powers are complete loss to Pakistan is not in the mood
rather, they are thinking of ways to control it. They know that Pakistan is an atomic power.	But they are thinking of some measures to maintain control it is known that Pakistan is a nuclear power,	But some steps to keep under control are thinking of them know that Pakistan is a nuclear power. 	But some steps to control the thinking of them know that Pakistan is a nuclear power.
They want to create some kind of revolution here.	Here, want a situation of a revolution.	Here want to have the case of a revolution 	Here want to create a situation of the revolution
Foreign countries are just thinking that cornering Pakistan could create difficulties politically and geographically; they want both to help Pakistan and to achieve their own aims, too.	The foreign countries want to meet their purpose and are thinking that political, geographical, some difficulties to the corner from Pakistan want also to help Pakistan can	Foreign countries that are thinking to Pakistan to corner geographical, Political can be some difficulties are also want to help Pakistan and its goals are also want to meet 	Foreign countries are thinking the same corner to Pakistan that political, geographical, there may be some difficulties to help Pakistan and you want to meet its goals.
A citizen, USA.	- a citizen, USA.	unwittingly city, USA. 	A citizen, and the U.S..
Hindus have always had the tradition of appearing calm on the surface but carrying grudges on the inside.	That is the great tradition of the Hindu axilla Ram on the knife mouth	Beside Hindu always is a tradition that define the mouth knife in Ram 	Always of the Hindu tradition that the side in the face of a knife Ram
I think they get a stomachache every now and then and start threatening Pakistan.	My view is that a bus is therefore shortly abdominal pain, and he is to threaten Pakistan.	I think that the bus is a little pain in the stomach comes from a little and they are seem to threats to Pakistan 	I think that the bus through a little pain in the stomach and he comes to threaten Pakistan are
We are ready in every way. The Indian Chief of the Army should shut up, or else we know how shut him up.	We are ready to every kind of India, Chief of Army will stop its mouth; otherwise we know answer that they	We are prepared every sort of India, chief of the army closed their mouth broke its otherwise we face are know to answer 	We are ready to India, Chief of the Army keep his mouth, otherwise we know its answer.
Faheem Siddiqui.	- Fahim Siddiqui.	Siddiqui. 	Fahim Siddiqui.
Ras al-Khaima, this battle of words is taking place because of America's wickedness. America was always sick in the head, but now India has become this way as well. If they attack, then they'll learn who's the boss.	Summit is being imposed, the statement from the enormity of the United States of America is very bad but now India is also the same mind, after the attack, some reality will know who is in much water	Cape America is being raised and statement from the mind of, India is only bad but now it also has recently seen by attack, would become reality know who is in how much water 	Poll, of the US vice statement in the mind of the United States, is as bad, but India is of the same attack and who will come to know the truth, how much water in
Israel is attacking Hamas, but no one has the guts to stop them. India, too - following the pattern of Israel - India, too, wants to do something like this.	Hamas on Israel is attacked, but a shame that it saw Israel, India also saw India wants the same thing.	Is Hamas attack on Israel, but in any shame that brochures. India also saw Israel saw India is also wants to it 	Hamas attack on Israel, but no shame in that the rioters, India also saw Israel's India wants to do the same.
Prime Minister Syed Yousaf Raza Gilani has said that the American Vice President-elect Joe Biden played an important role in making ex-President Musharraf step down from office and in bringing back the sham of democracy, which is why the government of Pakistan awarded him the Sitara-e-Imtiaz.	The Pakistan government for this star discrimination ruling Prime Minister Syed Yusuf Gilani said that Pakistan has been playing an important role in former President Musharraf&apos;s uniform and to restore democracy, a newly elected Vice President.	Prime Minister Syed Yusuf Geelani has said that the US Former President Musharraf's newly elected vice president, uniform and restored democracy Like has played an important role in, they have to the government of Pakistan has star recipient of discrimination. 	Prime Minister Syed Yousaf Raza Gilani said that American newly elected vice president Former President Musharraf's uniform and played an important role in restoring democracy, it is for the government of Pakistan has blessed by the star.
No political party should get the credit for making someone step down from office or the restoration of democracy. Parliament is not a rubber stamp.	In uniform and the restoration of democracy, a political party should not credit, the parliament is not a rubber.	uniform and the restoration of democracy in credit should not go to any political party, parliament, rubber stamp is not, 	uniform and the restoration of democracy in a political party should not be credit, parliament, rubber stamp is not
All decisions are made in Parliament.	All decisions will be taken in the parliament.	All decisions will be taken in parliament. 	All decisions will be taken in parliament.
The Prime Minister said that Dr. Qadeer's chapter has been closed.	The Prime Minister said that Dr chapter has been closed.	The Prime Minister said that Dr. Qadeer's Bob has been closed. 	The prime minister was saying that chapter of Dr. Qadeer Khan has been closed.
In your opinion, were the protests by the people against dictatorship of no importance?	Do you think we had no importance of public protest against?	You think exerted no importance of public protest against 	You think the exerted was no importance of public protest against?
Did the lawyers' movement play no role?	The lawyers did not play any role in the movement.	The lawyers movement did not play any role? 	The lawyers of the movement did not play any role?
What is your response to this statement made by the Prime Minister?	The statement of the Prime Minister, you will want to say what.	The prime minister's statement on what you want to say. 	The prime minister's statement on what you want to say.
Tell us what you think.	Informed his opinion.	about his opinion. 	Their opinion.
American President George W. Bush said in his final press conference that he made a lot of mistakes during his term as president and advised President-elect Barack Obama to do what he feels is right.	They give advice to Newly elected President, Barak in his farewell press conference, U.S. President George W. Bush has said that he has many mistakes over his post and Barak to take the right.	US President George W. Bush in his farewell press conference to advise newly elected President Barak presided over his post, said that he has a lot of mistakes and Barak in who he started well, 	US President George W. Bush, The newly elected president in a farewell press conference Barak Obama to advise, said that he has many mistakes in his office and Barak Obama who started right,
"As president I acted in keeping with circumstances and the American Constitution and law, and I gave preference to American interests over my own popularity."	Has given preference over its popularity as President according to the circumstances and U.S. measures under the constitution and the law, American interests	In As the president According to the situation and taken steps under the constitution and law, The American interests given priority on his popularity 	As the president According to the situation and the American steps under the law and the constitution, American interests priority on his popularity
He said, "The enemies of America are still planning to attack America and the greatest challenge for Barack Obama will be to stop them."	Barak to stop these attacks, he said, America&apos;s enemies are still planning to attack on America, the biggest challenge will be.	Today, He said the enemies of America are also planning to attack on America, Barak for the biggest challenge will be to stop these attacks, 	, He said the enemy of the United States are planning to attack on America, Barak Obama will be the biggest challenge to stop these attacks,
He said, "My greatest disappointment is not having found the weapons of mass destruction from Iraq and my biggest mistake was to accept that the mission in Iraq was completed."	He said that Iraq was my biggest mistake to widely accepted is the biggest disappointment for me do not get the weapons of mass destruction and to complete the mission in Iraq.	He said that the large scale from Iraq for not get Weapons of mass destruction on my biggest disappointment and admitted to complete the mission in Iraq is my biggest mistake. 	He said that the absence of weapons of mass destruction from Iraq, is the biggest disappointment for me to complete the mission in Iraq, and I was the biggest mistake.
Speaking at his last press conference at the White House, the American President said, "This is my last press conference and I thank all the journalists and other friends who have come to the conference."	Addressing his last press conference in the White House, The American President said that this is my last press conference to participate in the conference and I thank journalists and other associates who have participated in it.	Addressing his last press conference at the White House, The US president said that this is my last press conference and participated in the conference of journalists and other friends I thank those who participate in it. 	Addressing his last press conference in the White House, The American president said that this is my last press conference and to participate in the conference, journalists and other friends I thank participate in it.
Do you think Obama will not repeat the mistakes made by Bush?	Do you think that they will not repeat the mistakes did the Bush?	Do you think that he will not repeated mistakes which Bush has? 	Do you think that mistakes will not be repeated the Bush?
Didn't Bush take too long to admit to his mistakes?	Has not delayed to admit the mistake?	have no delay in an acknowledgment of mistakes? 	Did not delay in to admit the mistakes?
Will Obama be able to act upon Bush's advice?	Will Bush could follow the advice?	Acting on the advice of Bush will win? 	Will follow on the advice of Bush?
Tell us what you think.	Informed his opinion.	about his opinion. 	Their opinion.
American Vice President Dick Cheney says, "I want to see Osama bin Laden dead or alive."	American Vice President Dick Cheney has said that I want to see Osama bin Laden dead or alive.	In Vice President Dick Cheney has said that I want to see Osama Bin Laden dead or alive. 	US Vice President Dick Cheney said that Osama Bin Laden dead or alive, I want to see.
He says that Osama bin Laden is hiding in some area that is difficult to reach and has become ineffective for his organization. Whether Osama is captured dead or alive, his his organization will have to be stopped.	He said that Osama bin Laden has been printed in a hard and tough area, and he has been ineffective, for his organization if Osama bin Laden to be arrested, dead or alive, it will finish the Organization of this.	He says that Osama Bin Laden is a difficult area and he was hidden in his organization has been ineffective, for if Osama Bin Laden dead or alive also arrested, of this will be to this organization. 	He said that Osama Bin Laden is in a difficult area and for his organization has been ineffective, if Osama Bin Laden dead or alive also arrested, then this will be to the end of this organization.
America is determined to capture Osama and its search for Osama should continue.	America is determined to Osama&apos;s arrest and the search for Osama should continue the pain.	America is determined on to arrest Osama and continue the search for Osama should mortgage. 	America is determined to arrest Osama Bin Ladin and the search continued for the mortgage.
Will Dick Cheney's hope to capture Osama be able to be fulfilled?	Cheney&apos;s desire to arrest Osama will be fulfilled.	To arrest Osama fulfill their desire of Dick Cheney would be? 	Osama to arrest the desire of Dick Cheney will be?
Tell us what you think.	Their opinion informed me.	about his opinion. 	about his opinion.
Shahid Afridi, the all-rounder cricketer, got into a fight with a spectator after play ended on the first day of the Quaid-e-Azam Trophy match between PIA and Habib Bank.	All rounder cricketer like Shahid Afridi, the first day of the Quaid-e-Azam Trophy in PIA and Habib bank match after the end of the game, one of them was a clash with spectators.	All rounder Shahid Afridi cricketer PIA in Azam trophy and Habib Bank after the end of the first day of the match of their clash with a spectators. 	Shahid Afridi, as all rounder cricketer PIA in Azam trophy clash with one of the spectators and Habib Bank after the end of the first day of the match.
Just as Shahid Afridi came out of his drawing room onto the UBL ground after the match, a large number of fans surrounded him.	UBL on the ground after the match Shahid Afridi as drawing came out of the room, a large number of people have gathered around them.	UBL Shahid Afridi on ground after the match play as drawings when he came out of the room has collected around them, a large number of fans 	UBL Shahid Afridi on the ground after the match play as soon as drawings came out of the room, a large number of fans gathered around them.
At one point, a spectator grabbed Afridi's hand and asked him to be in a picture with him. Shahid Afridi, pushing him aside, told him to take the picture tomorrow, but on the spectator's insistence, Afridi became infuriated and slapped his face. Before they could get into a fight, the people around them settled the matter.	It has earlier rap receipt of the application of a picture with their retention by the spectators on one occasion on which Shahid Afridi, he said, to take this picture tomorrow, spectators, however, insists on the Afridi came in the matter that they have all the people present there got appeasement times.	On one occasion a spectators and holding hands with his picture on the application of Shahid Afridi said while goals to take this picture tomorrow, But the spectators on the insistence of Afridi has to take slap her receipt in effect prior to that they each got there are people issue wear times. 	At one point, one of the spectators with their Shahid Afridi on the application of the goals, said yesterday the picture, However, Shahid Afridi on the insistence of the spectators tech slaps in the papers before they are there people issue appeasement times.
Afterwards Shahid Afridi said, "This is needlessly being made into an issue. I was in a hurry to go to prayers at that time.	After this, Shahid Afridi said that this issue is being made at this time, I was the speed of the prayers.	After this, Shahid Afridi said that the issue is being made at this time I was quickly, the prayer 	After which the Shahid Afridi said that the issue is being made at this time, I was quickly, the prayer
Anyway, I apologize to that spectator."	However apology from the spectators.	However, will I regret this spectators in 	However, I will apologize to spectators,
What would you say about Shahid Afridi's behavior?	Shahid Afridi will also ask you on this attitude.	Shahid Afridi, What will you say you on this attitude. 	Shahid Afridi on this attitude, you will say.
Tell us what you think.	We should inform their opinion.	we Should INFORM HIS Opinion. 	Their opinion.
The Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has once again accused Pakistan of stirring up an atmosphere of war	Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has once again alleged that Pakistan was the environment of the war is giving	Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has alleged that Pakistan is once again is environment of war. 	Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has once again alleged that Pakistan is the atmosphere of war
and using terrorism as a state policy.	Terrorism and Pakistan is used as state policy.	And Pakistan as state terrorism policy, is used. 	Pakistan and terrorism is used as a state policy.
Speaking at the conference of Chief Ministers in New Delhi, Manmohan Singh said that terrorist elements are supported by neighboring countries, especially Pakistan	The chief ministers conference in New Delhi, Manmohan Singh said that terrorism is backing from neighboring countries, especially Pakistan	In New Delhi chief ministers Manmohan Singh said while addressing the conference that was terror are backing from neighboring countries, especially Pakistan 	While addressing the chief ministers conference in New Delhi, Manmohan Singh said that the terrorists backing from the neighboring countries especially Pakistan.
and the terrorists behind the Mumbai attacks used the sea route while avoiding the Indian Coast Guard.	Terrorists and Mumbai attacks had adopted the sea route and the Indian coast guard is safe from it.	The naval terrorists and the Mumbai attacks carried out and Indian coast guard are safe from the river. 	The terrorists and the Mumbai attacks from the path and Indian coast guard were safe.
The Indian prime minister said that Lashkar-e-Tayaba carried out the Mumbai attacks in November.	The Indian Prime Minister said that in November, the Mumbai attack were the force.	The Indian prime minister said that the army attack in Mumbai in November The Mujahideen. 	The Indian prime minister said that the Mumbai attack in November.
He added, "Terrorists are using new techniques and the most modern communication systems. We will have to heighten security on the Line of Control as well, from which intrusions are made." He said, "Terrorism will not be tolerated under any conditions; this is our policy."	He further said that terrorists are using new techniques and modern communication system, on the Line of Control, we will also increase strictly there is interference, he said that terrorism will not be tolerated in any condition, and this is our policy.	He further said that terrorists are using new techniques and modern telecommunications system, we will be extended to strictly on the Line of Control, There is infiltration from where they had said that terrorism will not be tolerated under any circumstances, and this is our policy. 	He further said that the terrorists are using new techniques and modern communication system, we will also increase pressure on the Line of Control where infiltration, He said that he will not tolerate any form of terrorism, and this is our policy.
How do you see this accusation by the Indian Prime Minister?	The allegation of the Indian prime minister, how you are looking?	The Indian prime minister's allegation how you see? 	Indian Prime Minister's allegation how you see?
Are internal turmoil and separatist movements in India reflective of the Indian anxiety?	Like the internal movements is indicative of the Indian anxiety?	's internal struggles like Indian anxiety of Mazhar 	's internal struggles, a reflection of the Indian anxiety?
On whose instructions has India assumed such threatening conduct?	India who behave threatening calls on signals were made?	India on the desires of what is the threatening attitude? 	What At the whims of the threatening attitude adopted?
Tell us what you think.	Informed his opinion.	about his opinion. 	Their opinion.
Israel's air raids on Gaza continue as usual. By now hundreds of Palestinian men, women, and children have been killed.	- Zubair Khan, Karachi.	Khan, Karachi. 	Zubair Khan, Karachi.
Nizar Rayyan, an important Hamas political leader, has been martyred along with his wife and children.	This is a very painful tragedy that Israeli Palestinians are massacred, on the other hand, Kashmir is the same situation, but not until well on the head of the council.	This is a very bitter tragedy that Israeli murder of Palestinians are common Kashmir, as this situation is, But as the head of council not to 	This is a very bitter tragedy that the Israeli killing of Palestinians are on the other hand, the Kashmir is the same situation, but not as the head of the Islamic Council.
Meanwhile, the meeting of the Security Council has ended without reaching a decision.	As well as organizations who are present in Palestine and Kashmir that they must continue fighting for their freedom, and they continue to face any aggression while creating a not one day his martyrdom will bring back stronger	As there are organizations in Palestine and Kashmir which they should in that war and continue until his freedom created while not every type of aggression continue to face a one day he will bring evidence of color 	As organizations who are present in Palestine and Kashmir should the war will continue until its independence and create competition of any kind of aggression, not one day of his martyrdom will bring
In the meeting, the condemnatory resolution presented by Libya and other Arab countries faces American opposition.	The Israeli air strike on Gaza is still underway, so far, hundreds of Palestinian men, women and children have been killed.	Israeli air attack on Gaza remains are still going on till now, hundreds of Palestinian men, women and children have been martyred. 	Continuing the Israeli air attack on Gaza, hundreds of Palestinian men, women and children have been killed so far.
Israel's aerial bombing of Palestine's civilian population has continued for the past few days.	Hamas has been martyred including children of important political wife.	Hamas the important political wife has been martyred including children. 	Hamas political was martyred along with his wife and children.
The whole world raised a fuss over the Mumbai events, but why can't anyone, including America and Britain, see the massacre taking place under the Israeli attacks?	The meeting ended without any decision of the Security Council.	On the other hand, the Security Council's meeting ended without any decision. 	On the other hand, the Security Council's meeting ended without any decision.
Why are the important countries of the Muslim Ummah silent?	Condemnatory resolution presented by meeting by Israel against Libya and other Arab countries are facing us opposition.	Meeting in Libya and other Arab countries against Israel resolutions submitted by the resolution to face US opposition. 	Meeting in Libya and other Arab countries against Israel submitted by the condemnatory American opposition to the resolution.
What do you have to say about the world's double standard?	The Palestinian civilian population is continuing the bombardment of the Israeli planes to many.	Palestinian civilians many population continued bombardment of Israeli planes. 	The Palestinian civilian population Many continued the bombardment of Israeli planes.
Zubair Khan, Karachi	On the incidents of Mumbai screams but Israeli attacks on the whole world, including America, Britain, or it will not be massacred there?	Incidents in Mumbai, the entire world was shouting settles But Israeli attacks on America, Britain, do not see any massacred to including? 	Mumbai was the roar of the entire world, But the Israeli attacks on the United States, Britain, including the murder of not?
It is a great tragedy that Israelis are massacring Palestinians. Here, the situation in Kashmir is the same, but the Security Council is not bothered in the least.	Why the important countries of the Muslim community are silent?	Why the important countries of the Muslim community are silent? 	Important countries of the Muslim community are silent?
Whatever organizations are present in Palestine and Kashmir should continue their struggle until they are free and, creating unity amongst themselves, continue to fight against any type of aggression. One day, Allah willing, their martyrdom will produce results.	The double standard of the world will want to say you do.	On this double standards in the world you would want to say. 	The world's double standards on what you want to say.
The electricity and gas crisis has reached a critical point all over Pakistan.	- Saeed, New York.	New York. 	Saeed, New York.
On the other hand, since January 1 gas rates have been increased by eight percent on the average, while the unavailability of petrol is a cause of serious concern for people in various cities of the country.	In my opinion, it is clear that our most people are illiterate, they know not only that the government tax where his money is to fulfil its responsibilities, it is in the interest of electricity and gas crisis will easily.	In my opinion, The reality is that most of our nation is read they know where their money is not only to fulfill his responsibilities by setting up a government tax has interest in the electricity and gas crisis will remain so. 	In my opinion, the real thing is that our most of the nation is read and do not know where their money is going to fulfill his responsibilities by government tax is interested in the crisis of electricity and gas.
Extreme reactions, emergencies, and violent demonstrations are afoot amongst Pakistani industrial and business circles because of the long blackouts and the gas crisis.	Their role as the people who have elected are known to all.	Because the people who have elected them most are aware of the role, 	Because the people who have elected them are all aware of,
Industrialists have given an ultimatum for shutting down factories.	Of electricity and gas in Pakistan&apos;s perimeter and I adopted a crisis situation.	Pakistan and breadth of the electricity and gas crisis in shape is 1.5 	And breadth of Pakistan in the electricity and gas crisis can be developed.
Here in Karachi, anxiety can be seen amongst the citizens because of the eight to ten hours of load-shedding.	From January 1 on the other hand, the prices of gas has been started and has been year due to non-availability of petrol severe difficulties for people in some cities of the country.	On the other hand from January 1st 8 in gas prices has been in some cities of the country while non availability of petrol is a worry for people. 	On the other hand, the average increase in the prices of gas from the 1st of January, has been in some of the cities in the country is a cause of concern for the people of petrol.
Industrial activity has almost been paralyzed.	Severe reaction on the crisis of a long closure of electricity and gas, riots and Violent Protests in Pakistan&apos;s industrial and business circles are continuing.	Pakistan long closure of the industrial and business circles in electricity and gas on the crisis of severe reaction, violence on expanding and demonstrations are still going on, 	Long closure of electricity and gas in industrial and business circles of Pakistan on the crisis of severe reaction, expanding and violent demonstrations continue,
Governmental institutions are stating their position by hurling accusations at each other about the issue.	The industrialists have an ultimatum to close factories.	Industrialists has ordered to close factories ultimatum. 	Industrialists to shut down the factories of the ultimatum.
Isn't the talk of increasing the price of electricity and gas a joke to the nation?	On the other hand, citizens from load shedding of 8 to 10 hours in Karachi is found in trouble.	In Karachi, eight to 10 hours of Load shedding from citizens in unrest is found. 	In Karachi, On the other hand, eight to 10 hours of load shedding in the citizens.
Why isn't attention being given to solving the problems?	Industrial life has now been paralysed about.	Industrial life is now almost be disturbed. 	Industrial life was almost paralyzed.
Can't the government see national progress coming to a standstill?	In this regard, the government institutions are described his position after accusing each other.	Government institutions in this regard each other on charges are statement after having their stand. 	Government institutions in this regard accusations at each other in their statement.
What immediate steps would you recommend to overcome this crisis?	To increase the prices of electricity and gas, something is not a joke with the nation?	electricity and gas prices of the talks with the nation is not fun? 	electricity and gas prices with the increase of the nation is not fun?
Tell us what you think.	Why attention towards the solution of the problems is not being given?	Why attention towards the solution of problems is not being given? 	attention towards the solution of problems is not being given?
Saeed, New York.	The government does not see a wheel jam of national development.	Development of government do not see a wheel jam? 	Government for the development of transportation does not see?
I think the point is that most of our nation is illiterate; they don't even know where their money is going. The government has an interest to fulfill its responsibilities by levying taxes. The electricity and gas crisis will remain the same,	To overcome the crisis, you will propose measures was immediately?	To overcome this crisis will you what steps immediately proposal? 	Will you suggested the steps immediately to overcome this crisis?
because everyone knows the character of those whom the people elected.	Informed his opinion.	about his opinion. 	Their opinion.
Imran Khokhar, Madina Munawwara. I want to say that the rulers are just like the people.	-Imran, Madina Munawara, I want to say that such people rendered ruling.	in Madina, I want to say that people like though the ruling. 	Imran Khokar Madina, I want to say that people like the same ruling.
I'm surprised that those who claim to be a people's government are in fact hurting the people.	To me, it is surprising that public government slogan out to hurt the people giving	surprised me is that the slogan of civilian government is suffering the people to B 	surprised me is that public a slogan of the government of the people is the B
The shortage of electricity, petrol, and gas has become a disaster.	Secretly, gas and petrol will not get a torture.	get mixed not petrol to gas has become a punishment 	Mixed petrol gas is not a punishment of
The government has no control over its institutions.	There is no control on the government institutions	As the government institutions is no control 	The agencies of the government there is no control.
The law and order situation is worsening every day. May Allah have mercy on this country.	The day on the law and order situation is written, his mercy upon this country &quot;	On the law and order situation to legislate on this country is Allah mercy as their patience 	The law and order situation in the day to day demolition is God to forgive His mercy for this country
The new year has started.	The New Year.	of the New Year. 	The New Year.
Last year saw a lot of tumult and political ups and downs. It will also be remembered for terrorism.	Last year was a year of chaos and political hope and Faraz, with regard to terrorism, it will be remembered.	Last year riots and a year of political biography and type was also in the context of terrorism, it will be remembered. 	From last year political depression and was a year of biography, will also be remembered with regard to terrorism.
President Musharraf's removal from power, the end of President Bush's eight-year term, a rain of shoes on Bush, the establishment of a democratic government in Pakistan, unexpected catastrophes, the earthquake in Balochistan, the worldwide financial crisis, the market recession.	An eight-year period of separation from the power of President Musharraf and President Bush, Bush shoe rain and the establishment of a democratic government in Pakistan, unexpected disasters, earthquake in Baluchistan, world financial crisis, marketing.	Power of President Musharraf and President Bush's eight years of separation from rain and shoes at the end, Bush, natural calamity, to establish a democratic government in Pakistan earthquake in Baluchistan, financial crisis In all over the world, marketing. 	Eight years of separation from the power of President Musharraf and President Bush, Bush on the rain and the establishment of a democratic government in Pakistan, in the wake of natural disasters, In all over the world, the financial crisis, vulgarity.
Now that the new year is coming, how do you see it?	Now is the arrival of the New Year, you see how the coming years?	Now is the arrival of the new year, The year you see how to? 	Now the arrival of the new year, you know how to see the coming year?
In your view, what results come from the political or geographical situation? What will Obama's strategy be?	You will bring political or geographical situation, What color near strategy will be?	You near the political or geographical situation will bring color what would be the strategy? 	Near the political or geographical situation will bring of what would be the strategy?
Is there hope for success in bringing an end to terrorism?	What is the hope of any progress in the elimination of terrorism?	The hope of any progress in the eradication of terrorism is? 	Any hope of progress in the eradication of terrorism?
Will the judicial crisis in Pakistan end?	What will end the crisis in Pakistan?	In Pakistan, the judicial crisis will come to an end? 	judicial crisis in Pakistan will come to an end?
What direction will Pak-India relations take?	Pak-India relations will take the way?	Relations between Pakistan and India would face right? 	Relations between Pakistan and India will adopt the direction?
Is there a chance of a surgical strike or an all-out war?	There is a possibility of surgical or full war?	surgical or Full is the possibility of war? 	The surgical or has the possibility of war?
What do you expect from the new year?	With the New Year, you are linked to the expectations?	You are linked to the expectations by New Year? 	New Year with what do you expect?
Tell us what you think.	Informed his opinion.	about his opinion. 	Their opinion.
The first anniversary of Benazir Bhutto's martyrdom is being observed. She was assassinated on December 27, 2007, after an election rally in Liaquat Bagh of Rawalpindi.	Benazir Bhutto is being celebrated the first anniversary of the martyr, they view were killed after an electoral meeting in Liaquat Bagh.	Benazir Bhutto is being celebrated the first anniversary of the martyred, they 272007 after an election meeting in the Liaqat hijacked martyred. 	Benazir Bhutto is being celebrated the first anniversary of the killing, 27 December 2007 Liaquat Bagh, in an election meeting after the martyr has gone.
Benazir is not with us anymore. She was a statesman, a politician and a world-famous persona. She had a unique position in national politics.	Benazir Bhutto, today, we are not, they were a serious, capable of political freedoms and international fame personality, his unique role in national politics.	Benazir Bhutto today we are not in serious, politics, jurists and personality were capable of world fame, was his unique role in national politics. 	Benazir Bhutto today, we are not in a serious, politics, and based on the world famous personality, his unique role in national politics.
Even though a year has passed, the mystery of her assassination has not been solved to this day.	Despite a period of one year, the crux of his testimony could not be solved until today.	A period of one year despite the passage of the death of puzzle until today is not resolved. 	Despite the passing of a year were not able to solve the puzzle of his martyrdom.
Her hard work toward the establishment of democracy and government in Pakistan were not in vain.	Their work in the establishment of democracy in Pakistan and the government were not useless.	In the establishment of democracy in Pakistan and the government were not fruitless effort of his opinion. 	Hard work in the establishment of democracy in Pakistan and the government were not void.
Today Pakistan has a democratic government, and her husband, Asif Ali Zardari, holds the rank of President.	Today is to establish a democratic government in Pakistan, and her husband Asif Zardari are elected to the post of president.	Today is a democratic government in Pakistan and her husband Asif Zardari occupy as president of the country. 	Today is to establish a democratic government in Pakistan and her husband, Asif Zardari on the post of the president of the country.
How do you see role of the assassinated Benazir Bhutto in Pakistani politics?	The role of Benazir Bhutto in Pakistan&apos;s politics, how you are looking?	Benazir Bhutto martyred in the politics of Pakistan's role you see how? 	Benazir Bhutto in Pakistan's politics, the role of how you see?
Who could be behind her assassination?	Behind his martyrdom, you can hand?	He is behind the evidence of how can the hand of? 	Who is behind the martyrdom of?
Recently, she was also given the international human rights award. What do you have to say about her services to politics and democracy?	Recently, he was a ruling from the international award of human rights, we tell about their political and democratic services What to say.	them recently also was the recipient of international human rights award, exerted about his political and democratic services you would want to say. 	Recently, with the international human rights award, he was about political and democratic services exerted what you want to say.
President Bush, after ruling America for eight years, left the White House for the presidential office at Camp David so that the White House could be redecorated according to preferences of President-elect Barack Obama.	Leaving the white government on President year America were transferred to Camp David presidential camp office so that the wishes of the new president to the White House, Barak to serve and be prepared by parade.	President 8 years America be indifferent to the white after the government on the presidential camp office Camp David were transferred so that the new president to White House Barak renovated and according to the wishes of decoration and be ready, 	President Bush 8 years on the white government in America and the presidential office were shifted to Camp David, so that the new president to White House Barak Obama according to the wishes of the renovated and decoration and be ready,
During Bush's eight years as president, the historical attack and destruction of the World Trade Center, the attack on the Pentagon, then under the pretense of a global war against terror, America's dragging of the armies of other countries into its military operations in Afghanistan and Iraq and the full use of its resources in this war, became the memorabilia of Bush's term.	Bush attack on historic attack on the World Trade Center in America and destruction, hue, presided over the eight-year period and then in front of the international war against terrorism, while military action in Iraq and Afghanistan, the armed forces of various countries have become memorabilia examples of the Bush era in this war and full use of American resources in this war.	away with the eight years of the Bush presidency in America in historical attack on the World Trade Center and destruction, Mantua and then in the international war against terrorism in Afghanistan and Iraq under the pretext of military action while the forces of various countries roles in the war and the US full use of resources in Bush's era became a memorable examples. 	Eight years of the Bush presidency in the attack on the historic attack on the World Trade Center and the destruction, point in America and the world war against terrorism in Afghanistan and Iraq in the military action, while the forces of different countries in this war, Bush became memorable examples of roles and full use of resources in this war.
Because of this war, America itself has had to face the worst economic and financial crisis in its history.	The war, the history of America itself faced the worst economic and financial crisis.	This war to America from history faced the worst economic and financial crisis. 	From this war to America, the worst in the history of the economic and financial crisis.
In your opinion, what did the world lose and what did it gain from this war?	Do you think the world with the war found crew and what?	What do you think of this war in the world rower and found? 	Do you think the world in this war and rower found?
Were the policies of President Bush successful?	Continue the policies of President Bush succeed?	What President Bush's policies continue to succeed? 	The policies of President Bush succeed?
What is your opinion about President Bush's term of office?	During President Bush&apos;s government, is the opinion of you?	During President Bush's government of on your view? 	During the era of President Bush, What is your opinion?
The Indian government has refused to allow the Indian cricket team to tour Pakistan.	The Indian government has stopped from the Indian cricket team tour of Pakistan.	Indian Government visited the Indian cricket team is allowed by Pakistan. 	The Indian Government has visited the Indian cricket team to Pakistan.
During the Pakistan tour, the Indian cricket team was to play three tests, five one-day matches, and one 20-20 match.	The Indian cricket team to play three tests and five one-day matches and a 20 match in Pakistan tour.	Indian cricket team to tour Pakistan for three Tests, five one day matches and play a 20 matches. 	The Indian cricket team to tour in three Tests in Pakistan, five a day and 20 matches to play.
When speaking with Geo News, Indian Cricket Board's Vice-President Rajeev Shukla said that they had sought permission for the Pakistan tour from the government, but due to the current tension between the two countries, the tour will not be possible.	Talking to GEO News Rajiv, Vice President of the Indian Cricket Board said that the board had to seek permission from the government of Pakistan tour, but the visit is not possible due to the current tense situation between the two countries.	Indian cricket board vice president Rajiv Shukla said while talking to GEO News that the board had called allowed the Pakistan tour from the government but due to the present tense situation between the two countries can not visit it. 	Vice president of the Indian cricket board Shukla said while talking to GEO News that the board had asked for permission from the government to the Pakistan tour, But this visit is not possible due to the tense situation between the two countries.
Is the Indian government's justification for canceling the Indian cricket team's tour on the basis of the current political situation a right step? Shouldn't sports be kept separate from politics?	What is the correct step to cancel the visit of the team by the Indian government to justify the present political situation, the game should not keep separate from politics?	Making the Indian Government justify the present political situation cricket team's tour is a correct step, to cancel the game should not have separate from politics? 	The current political situation of the Indian government to the cricket team to tour is the right step, the game should not separate from politics?
Is the Indian government's decision harmful for cricket?	The decision of the Indian Government is harmful for cricket?	Not harmful for Indian cricket with the decision of the government? 	The Indian Government's decision for not harmful?
If the English cricket team has continued its tour of India despite the decline in the security situation, why can't the Indian team tour Pakistan?	Continue cricket team tour of worsen the security situation in India, so why cannot the Indian team visiting Pakistan?	the bad security situation in India continue cricket team visited the Indian team, Why can not visit Pakistan? 	the bad security situation in India cricket team continue to visit, the Indian team visited Pakistan Why can not?
What is your opinion on this?	It is the opinion of you.	In your opinion what is about this. 	Your opinion in this regard.
Salman, Karachi.	- Salman, Karachi.	Karachi. 	Salman, Karachi.
Those who take pride in going to India	People who do proud to India.	People who are proud to visit India 	People who are proud to India
or get their movies or videos made there should open their eyes and see how little the Indian people respect them.	And the people of India that his films or his video should be opened his eyes there have now been many do respect you	And video films or the There are now be opened his eyes that how you respect the people of India. 	And his films or video on the are now be opened his eyes that how you do the dignity of the people of India.
I remember an interview with Adnan Sami in which he said that he was not a Pakistani, but a British citizen.	I remember a inter elections of adnan sami, in which he said that Pakistan is not my British citizenship.	I can remember an interview of Adnan Sami in which he had said that is not my British citizenship in Pakistan 	Of Adnan Sami I remember an interview in which he said that the Pakistani British citizenship is not my
Adnan Sami should come to Pakistan at the earliest opportunity if the fame he got in India wasn't to his tastes!	Adnan sami must be the first rest in Pakistan because thee respect there was not suitable.	Adnan Sami must come first in engagements that Pakistan because thee to respect was not sign there, 	Adnan Sami to Pakistan in the first rest tomorrow because thee to there was not,
Fareed Ahmed,	- Farid Ahmed.	Ahmad. 	Ahmad.
Karachi.	Karachi.	Karachi. 	Karachi.
The Indians' behavior has changed after the Mumbai attack.	Mumbai, India&apos;s attitude has been changed after the attack.	Mumbai Indians attitude was changed after the attack. 	After the attack of the attitude has been changed
Jagjit Singh has reacted to it by saying that he hates Pakistan and Pakistanis.	Singh, has been the reaction in the event that he hates Pakistan and Pakistan.	Reaction, Singh in this case that they hate Pakistan and Pakistani are 	Jagjit Singh, the reaction in this case that he hated to Pakistan and Pakistani
It should be known that Adnan Sami has sung with Asha Bhosle. How did he become tone-deaf now? Adnan Sami should stay in India, there's no need for him to come here.	To know that adnan sami sing the song are now, there is no need to come to a point where, he should have been in India, adnan sami.	know the that Adnan Sami cow with the songs are now in Sada, Adnan Sami has from where he should come here to be in India does not need The 	know that Adnan Sami songs with cow are now he was from the top, Adnan Sami in India should be coming here is not needed
Muhammad Shamshad Alam,	- Mohammad Shamshad Alam.	Shamshad, world 	Mohammad Shamshad,
Karachi. About Jagjit Singh's statement, I would only say that he changes his color just like a chameleon,	In Karachi, on Singh&apos;s statement only will say that he is also change color like cameleon	Karachi, would only say on Singh's statement that he is also like color minds 	Karachi, Jagjit Singh's statement on would only say that he is the minds of cameleon
changing his statement according to the situation. Pakistanis, open your eyes and see how little you are appreciated in India. Understand the mentality of the Hindus.	After the statement from the ratio of the occasion, what Pakistanis opening eyes that you in India is how much importance to understand the mentality.	Pakistanis who are flying statement surrounding the site in India that your eyes So how is the "mentality. 	Who is the statement to Pakistanis eyes that your money in India is understand the mentality of.
Their malicious battle of words has increased after the Mumbai incident, and now they're saying venomous things about the famous singer Adnan Sami.	Confidently statement after their hatred has been increased after the incident of Mumbai now poison against the popular Sami throw up.	Hate calls after the incident, The statement in Mumbai, flying increased is now only famous poison against Sami are showering. 	Mumbai after the incident of the hatred of the statement is now the famous poison against Sami are showering.
According to a foreign news agency, on President Bush's farewell visit to Iraq during a press conference with Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki in his Baghdad office, the situation turned amusing when an Iraqi journalist, addressing President Bush, said, "This is a farewell kiss, dog."	According to foreign news agency, the American President Bush visiting Iraq&apos;s farewell with Prime Minister Noor al-maleki, ridiculous situation was during a press conference in his office situated in Baghdad when an Iraqi journalist said while addressing President Bush, &quot;the dog is a farewell kiss.&quot;	According to foreign news agency, Iraq's Prime Minister, US President Bush came on a farewell tour with Noor al-maleki located in Baghdad during the press conference in his office was ridiculous situation at this time when an Iraqi journalist, addressed to President Bush, said "the dogs a farewell kiss". 	According to an international news agency in Iraq farewell visit to US President Bush during a press conference at his office in Baghdad, along with the prime minister Noor al-maleki at this time, The situation was ridiculous when an Iraqi journalist, explained to President Bush, said this is a farewell kiss dogs.
After this, the journalist took off one of his shoes and threw it at Bush. President Bush dexterously saved himself by ducking his head before the shoe hit him.	After this, the journalist has thrown by Bush in his shoe bring down, President Bush shoe levels from the expertise was already leaning his head and guarded yourself.	The journalist after their one shoe picked thrown by Bush, President Bush has expertise from shoe already due to their head kneel and rescued to you. 	After a journalist shoe picked by Bush, threw his head before President Bush the shoe with expertise, and leaned on your guarded.
The second shoe hit the American flag.	The second shoe attached to the American flag.	Second shoe was to an American flag. 	Second shoe American flag.
Security workers dragged the journalist off the scene.	While the journalist, security personnel were taken from this place.	Security personnel, this journalist from the place. 	Security personnel to this journalist, from the place.
On the occasion, President Bush said, "I don't know why he did this. The shoe was a size ten; I wasn't upset."	On this occasion, President Bush said that he did not know that it was what, why, I was not a problem.	On this occasion, President Bush said that I do not know why did this, was 10, I did not face any problem. 	On this occasion, President Bush said that I do not know why did they do it, shoe was No. 10, I did not face any problem.
Don't you think this act of the journalist was an expression of the anger that the Iraqi people have for President Bush?	In your opinion of this process was not expressing anger against President Bush from the Iraqi people?	In your opinion, this process of to the Iraqi people had not expressed their anger against the president Bush? 	In your opinion, this process of the Iraqi people had not expressed their anger against President Bush?
What would you say about this incident?	This incident will ask you do?	What will you say you on this incident? 	On this incident, What do you say?
The tension that had been created in relations between Pakistan and India after the incidents of terrorism in Mumbai took a serious turn when warplanes of the Indian Air Force violated Pakistani air space in the Lahore and Kashmir sectors.	The tension created after the terrorist incidents in Mumbai in the relations between India and Pakistan adopted a serious situation at this time, when the Indian Air force combat planes violating the air routes of the Lahore and Kashmir sectors in Pakistan.	Incidents of terrorism in the Mumbai Born in the relations between Pakistan and India after the tension increased ahead adopt serious situation at this time when the Indian Air Force fighter planes of Lahore in Pakistan and Kashmir sectors of violation of the air limits. 	The tension in relations between India and Pakistan after the incidents of terrorism in Mumbai at this time, the grave situation increased ahead of the Indian Air Force fighter planes in Lahore and violation of Pakistan's air limits in the sectors.
The Indian planes were forced to return because of the response by the Pakistan Air Force.	The Pakistani air force retaliated to Indian plane were forced to go back.	Pakistan Air due to counter action of the Indian plane were forced to go back. 	Pakistan air forces of Indian plane were forced to go back.
According to sources, both of the Indian planes were equipped with arms and ammunition.	According to sources, two Indian planes were ruffle with arms and ammunition and bombs.	According to the sources, both Indian plane were armed with weapons and ammunition. 	According to the sources, The two Indian plane were armed with weapons and ammunition.
This is the first incident of its kind in the current tense situation.	This is the first incident of its kind in the present tense situation.	In the present tense situation is the first incident of its kind. 	This is the first incident of its kind in the present tense situation.
The Pakistan Air Force says that the Air Force is fully prepared to defend the country.	The Pakistan Air Force said that the Air Force is fully prepared to defend the country.	Pakistan Air Force has said that air is fully prepared to defend the country. 	Pakistan Air Force said that the air force is fully prepared to defend the country.
Information Minister Sherry Rehman says that Indian officials have accepted that the air space was violated, but that it was by mistake.	Information Minister Sherry Rehman said that Indian officials have acknowledged that the violation of the air routes was, however, it was a mistake.	Information MInister Shiri Rehman said that Indian Officials Have Acknowledged that Violation of air Limits, However It happened BY Mistake. 	Information MInister Shiri Rehman SAID THAT The Indian authorities has acknowledged that the violation of air Limits, However, It was a mistake.
Pakistan military sources have declared this a serious incident.	Pakistan&apos;s military sources has declared the incident serious.	Pakistan's military sources, this incident as serious. 	Pakistan's military sources described the incident as serious.
Do you think India, in reality, intends to undertake an air raid on Pakistan?	In your opinion, what really has the intention of the air attack on India and Pakistan?	In your opinion, what really has intention to attack on Pakistan Air India? 	In your opinion, what really has the intention of air attacks on India?
Is the Indian stance of having violated the air space by mistake correct, or was its aim to gauge the capability of the Pakistan Air Force?	Do as India&apos;s stand is correct that it was violated by mistake or the purpose of the capacity of the Pakistan Air Force?	What India's stand is correct that this violation to a mistake or the purpose of realize the potential of the Pakistan Air 	This stand is that it was a mistake or violation of India, the purpose of the potential of the Pakistan Air Force?
Will this incident become a reason for an increase of tension in the relations between these countries?	This incident would not cause a further increase in tension between the two countries.	This incident further increase in tension between the two countries would not lead to? 	This incident will not cause of the increase of tension between the two countries?
Tell us what you think.	Informed his opinion.	about his opinion. 	Their opinion.
The honorable martyr Benazir Bhutto was given a posthumous international award for human rights, which was received by her son and People's Party chairman Bilawal Bhutto Zardari.	After martyr Benazir Bhutto Zardari by his son and the Chairman of the People&apos;s Party has received at least, hart was international award of human rights.	Benazir martyred after arrest was given death of international human rights award which his son, and Chairman of the People's Party Bhutto and Zardari did receive. 	martyred Benazir after death of the international human rights award was given by his son, Chairman of the People's Party and Bhutto and Zardari to receive.
In a ceremony held during the meeting of the General Assembly in United Nations headquarters, the martyred Benazir Bhutto, once Pakistan's Prime Minister, was given the award as a recognition of her services to the cause of human rights.	In a ceremony during the meeting of the General Assembly in the office of the United Nations, Pakistan&apos;s former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto were Nawaz this award in recognition of his services for their human rights.	Office of the United Nations General Assembly in in a ceremony during a meeting of Pakistan's former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto, 's confession of their services for human rights in this award was Nawaz. 	The President of the United Nations office in a ceremony during the meeting of the General Assembly, former prime minister of Pakistan in Benazir Bhutto with this award in recognition of his services for their human rights.
The sixtieth anniversary of their resolution for human rights was celebrated by the United Nations on the tenth of December.	Birthday was celebrated of the human rights resolution from the United Nations.	The human rights resolution from the United Nations 60th birthday was celebrated on December 10. 	Of the human rights resolution from the United Nations 60th birthday was celebrated on December 10.
In addition to Benazir Bhutto, those persons and organizations that have been given awards on the occasion to recognize their work for human rights include America's ex-Attorney General Louis Ramsey Clark and the international organization Human Rights Watch, which works for human rights worldwide.	They include former US Attorney General Clark besides Benazir Bhutto and the international organization Human Rights Watch to work for human rights all over the world, on this occasion, the awards are being given to those personalities and institutions in recognition of working for human rights.	On this occasion to work for human rights in recognition of personalities and institutions which are being given to the honors them in addition to Benazir Bhutto, former US Attorney General Luis Clark and throughout the world to work for human rights in the international organization Human Rights Watch. 	On this occasion for the human rights of personalities and institutions to work in these awards are being Benazir Bhutto, former Attorney General Luis Ramzi Clark of the United States and all over the world to work for human rights in the international organization Human Rights Watch.
Pakistan's Representative to the United Nations Abdullah Hussain Haroon and other senior Pakistani diplomatic officials were also present on the occasion.	Pakistan&apos;s ambassador to the United Nations, Abdullah Haroon Hussain and other senior Pakistani diplomatic officials were also present.	This occasion Pakistan's ambassador at the United Abdullah Hussein Haroon and other Pakistani senior diplomatic officials were also present. 	This occasion proxim Pakistan's U.N. Ambassador Abdullah Haroon and other Pakistani senior diplomatic officials were also present.
What would you say about the honorable ex-Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto Shaheed receiving this award?	Former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto will also ask you on receiving the award.	Former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto martyred on receiving this award what you will say. 	Former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto on receiving this award, you say.
Sumair,	- Sameer.		Sameer.
Chicago.	Hires.	Chicago. 	Chicago.
It's true that she was martyred but it should also be remembered that she killed so many innocent people in Karachi, of which she used to say proudly that Naseerullah Babar has done a very good job,	It is true that he was but we remember it is that he has the blood of many innocent people in Karachi, on which they were not proud that this Nasirullah Babar has done a good job.	It is true that he was but we should remember that he has many Spilt blood of innocent people in Karachi, on which they were. that Naseer Allah Baber has done a very good job, 	It is true that He but we also remember that he has shed the blood of innocent people in Karachi, on which he was proud that this Naseer Allah Baber has done a very good job,
but later she completely changed.	Just after.	after I 20 	After lakin in just were
But it's also true that she ignored senior members of her party and chose her son to be the representative of the People's Party. What kind of democracy is this?	But it is also true that he has presented to the senior people of his party as well, and his son to elected representatives of the People&apos;s Party, the what is democracy?	But it is also true that he has his party's senior people to set style and his son to elected representative of the People's Party, This is what democracy,? 	But it is also true that he has his party's senior people, A representative of the People's Party and his son chosen, This is what kind of democracy?
The United Nations Security Council's panel has added to its list of terrorists the names of Hafiz Muhammad Saeed along with three other Pakistani citizens, and the name of Jamiat-ud-Daawa along with five other organizations.	-Noor, Karachi, the news of the Quran, it has been proved that the dissident dissident will support it.	Noor, Karachi, this news of Quran It has been proved that with the non non of the will. 	Jimmy Noor, Karachi, this news from the Quran has proved that the dissident OF THE WILL.
In the list of terrorists approved by the Security Council's Al-Qaeda and Taliban Sanctions Committee, the names of Pakistanis include Jamiat-ud-Daawa's leader Hafiz Muhammad Saeed, banned organization Lashkar-e-Tayaba's chief of operations Zaki Rehman Lakhvi, and head of the finance division Haji Muhammad Ashraf.	But until the iron axe-not, it could not cut on hatchet	But as long as the iron grave group can not do not cut on feel axe 	But as long as the iron ax group doesn't axe can not cut on
In addition, the name of Saudi resident Mahmood Ahmed Bazik is also included in the list of terrorists.	As our rulers, because this is something that they are their secret way, another country are underway.	way is the same thing our rulers are their secret way due to this country as unpleasantly are coming. 	Our government is that they are secret ways in the country due to the same unpleasantly are coming.
These organizations include Jamiat-ud-Daawa, Pasban-e-Kashmir, Ar-Rashid Trust, and Al-Akhtar Trust International.	May God give our rulers.	God give instructions to our rulers. 	To our rulers.
Member countries will immediately freeze the assets of all these persons and organizations. They will not be allowed to travel, and they will be arrested.	The name of the UN Security Council panel Hafiz Mohammad Saeed, including three Pakistani citizens and Jamaat-ud-Dawa and five organizations included in the list of terrorists.	The panel of the United Nations Security Council Hafiz Mohammed Saeed JuD and three Pakistani citizens including five organizations, including name are included in the list of terrorists. 	Hafiz Mohammed Saeed, The panel of the United Nations Security Council, including three Pakistani citizens and five organizations, including the name of included in the list of terrorists.
They will be faced with court cases.	These include Jamaat-ud-Dawa Mohammad Saeed, operations chief of the banned organization Lashkar-e-witty Rehman, Head of the Finance Department, Haji Mohammad Ashraf, Al-Qaeda and Taliban committee of the Security Council has approved to include the name of those Pakistanis in the list of terrorists.	Security Council of Al Qaeda and Taliban terrorists the name of the Pakistanis, who committee has approved to be included in the list of his Dawa party Mohammad Saeed, banned organization in army operations chief Zaki Rehman mujahideen, Haji Mohammad Ashraf, head of the finance department. 	Security Council of Al Qaeda and Taliban committee has approved to be included in the list of terrorists in the name of the Pakistanis in the Dawa party Mohammad Saeed, a banned organization, the operations chief Zaki Rehman, head of the finance department, Haji Mohammad Ashraf.
Are these restrictions under the influence of Indian propaganda?	Besides this, the name of a Saudi nationals is also included in the list of terrorists.	apart from this, a Saudi citizen of name also is included in the list of terrorists. 	In addition to this, a Saudi citizen name is also included in the list of terrorists.
Why is India accusing these organizations of the Mumbai attacks without any proof?	These organizations include Jamaat-ud-Dawa, guard Kashmir, Al Rashid Trust Trust International.	These organizations, Pasban JuD in Kashmir, al-Rashid Trust International trust. 	These organizations in the Dawa party, Pasban Kashmir, al-Rashid Trust trust.
Are there no terrorist organizations in India?	Member countries, they will be imposed on the will and travel and freeze all the assets of vitality personalities and organizations will be arrested immediately.	Member countries immediately legend of figures and organizations will freeze all assets and will respond travel ban and they will be arrested. 	Legend personalities and organizations of all member countries will freeze the assets and ban the travel and they will be arrested.
Are global organizations not aware of the oppression being done in India against the minorities?	They will face cases.	They will face of cases. 	Their cases.
Tell us what you think.	Do these restrictions are not under the Indian propaganda?	What these restrictions, not under the control of the Indian propaganda impact? 	It sanctions under the Influence OF the Indian Propaganda, NOT?
Jimmy Noor, Karachi. From this news, what the Quran says has been proven true, that an infidel will only support an infidel.	India accused of the Mumbai attacks without any evidence are why imposed on these organizations?	India accused of Mumbai attacks without any evidence why is imposed on these organizations? 	India without any evidence of the Mumbai attacks on these organizations, Why is it?
But until an iron axe is given a handle, the axe cannot cut a wing.	What is not present terrorist organisations in India?	terrorist organizations present in India do not? 	Not terrorist organizations in India?
These are the ways of our rulers. They are keeping their ways secret, and for this reason the country is facing disasters.	The atrocities on minorities in India, what is not familiar with international institutions?	What to atrocities on minorities in India, not aware international institutions? 	, did not know the International Organization to the minorities in India?
May Allah guide our rulers.	We should inform their opinion.	we Should INFORM HIS Opinion. 	Their opinion.
The Eid holiday is an expression of joy and happiness, and Muslims, following the tradition of Abraham, sacrifice animals on Eid-ul-Azha.	Eid is the spokesman and unity and we do sacrifice animals while working on it.	A spokesman of the Eid and and unity Azha follow the Sunna Brahimi on animals while sacrifice. 	Eid and the spokesman of unity Azha process on the Abraham to sacrifice of animals.
In these disturbing times when inflation is at its peak and the political situation has deteriorated, in spite of this both rich and poor prepare for Eid, as best they can and wish their loved ones a happy Eid, in different ways.	On the political situation in the uproar period when inflation is on the rise, I, the poor and all are already preparing for Eid according to its strength and his associates giving the Eid greetings in different ways.	The political uproar in far When Inflation On the Rise On the Actual Situation, THIS Eid and Poor, ALL according to their Owners, AND THE preparation OF his friends in Different WAYS WISHES FOR Eid. 	At this critical time When Inflation IS ON THE rise In the Actual Political Situation, I POOR AND all their Power, According to the Preparation of The Eid AND Eid Congratulations To his friends in Different WAYS.
We also are providing you an opportunity through the blog to wish your loved ones a happy Eid in the form of short messages.	We are also providing an opportunity through you that give congratulation of Eid in the form of short messages to their loved ones.	We also are providing a chance you through that their loved ones in the form of short messages to congratulate the Eid. 	We are providing an opportunity through the blog that their loved ones in the form of short messages to congratulate the Eid.
You can also wish a happy Eid through verses of poetry that suit the occasion.	You can congratulate through from the ratio of Eid.	You Eid through keeping verses from the can also congratulated. 	You can also congratulated by the poetry of Eid.
Murtaza Gilani,	- Murtaza Jilani.	Jilani, 	Jilani,
Karachi. Our rulers should understand that the people that are conducting this operation against are fans of Pakistan; even though they're suffering this kind of oppression, they still love Pakistan.	Karachi, our politicians, it should understand that those who are against the operation are appreciative of Pakistan, which are all kinds of oppression, but Pakistan do love	Karachi, this was our rulers should understand that they are operation against the same appreciative of Pakistan who are all kinds of oppression suffered But a love for Pakistan. 	Karachi, our rulers should understand that the operation against the same judge of Pakistan, which are all kinds of oppression suffered, but love with Pakistan
If there were a war, they would fight shoulder-to-shoulder with Pakistan.	If the war was, they will fight shoulder of Pakistan	If war, would fight alongside the Pakistan. 	If a war they will fight the Pakistan
When their love is felt, nothing is to be gained by politics of protest; I think there could be a decisive war between the two so that they can take out their frustrations.	So leave when they will feel the love, only the protest will not get some politics, in my opinion, there is a possibility of a decisive war between the two.	When they feel the love, will be only protest will not be anything from politics, I think man between the two, decisive war is likely to be out so that 	When he will be the feeling of love, protest will not get anything from politics, I think there is the possibility of a decisive war between the two out.
