AO86WZ7I0VQZC	France has supported the proposal.	France has supported the proposal.
AO86WZ7I0VQZC	The Chairman of the Committee of the Summit&#44; Mushahid Hussain Syed said in the Committee meeting on Friday at the Parliament House about the proposal on the relief goods to Palestine and that a Parliamentary delegation has been sent.	The Chairman of the Committee of the Summit, Mushahid Hussain Syed said in the Committee meeting on Friday at the Parliament House about the proposal on the relief goods to Palestine and that a Parliamentary delegation has been sent.
AO86WZ7I0VQZC	After the meeting&#44; Mushahid Hussain Syed said to the representatives of media that the Committee at France has welcomed the proposal for the relief work for the affected people in the Gaza Strip.	After the meeting, Mushahid Hussain Syed said to the representatives of media that the Committee at France has welcomed the proposal for the relief work for the affected people in the Gaza Strip.
AO86WZ7I0VQZC	He said that the Israeli attack is a crime on humanity and that all the countries should condemn the attacks.	He said that the Israeli attack is a crime on humanity and that all the countries should condemn the attacks.
AO86WZ7I0VQZC	Mushahid Hussain while criticizing the world to double standards said that the people should be against terrorism&#44; but they are still against the Palestinians in the attacks.	While Mushahid Hussain criticize the world to double standards, said that the people should be against terrorism, but they are still against the Palestinians in the attacks.
AO86WZ7I0VQZC	The foreign affairs Minister in the Senate Standing Committee Chairman and the leaders of the Muslim Ummah were also criticized.	The foreign affairs Minister in the Senate Standing Committee Chairman and the leaders of the Muslim Ummah were also criticized.
AO86WZ7I0VQZC	He said that the Committee expressed hope that the newly elected President of the United States Barak will address the Muslim Ummah in his first one hundred days.	He said that the Committee expressed hope that the newly elected President of the United States Barak, will address the Muslim Ummah in his first one hundred days.
AO86WZ7I0VQZC	Mushahid Hussain Syed said that Muslims and the West would give not only the emergency steps for Kashmir but also for the long standing problems like Palestine.	Mushahid Hussain Syed said that Muslims and the West would give not only the emergency steps for Kashmir but also for the long standing problems like Palestine.
AO86WZ7I0VQZC	Imaduddin Khan&#44; the Minister of External Affairs and the state of the committee said that Saudi Arabia attended the meeting for the foreign ministers of the Islamic countries of the Organization.	Imaduddin Khan, the Minister of External Affairs and the state of the committee said that Saudi Arabia attended the meeting for the foreign ministers of the Islamic countries of the Organization.
A3F5RR1245MILW	The Minister of External Affairs of state said that the Palestine issues should be resolved according to the UN resolutions .	The Minister of External Affairs of State said that the Palestine issues should be resolved according to the UN resolutions .
A3F5RR1245MILW	Two journalists from Arab countries attended the meeting on the latest situation of Palestine.	Two Arab journalists attended the meeting on the latest situation of Palestine.
A3F5RR1245MILW	On the other hand&#44; the International University students went on a protest at Islamabad against the Israeli attacks on Palestine.	On the other hand, the International University students participated in a protest at Islamabad against the Israeli attacks on Palestine.
A3F5RR1245MILW	The demonstrators also raised banners and slogans against Israel.	The demonstrators also displayed banners and slogans against Israel.
A3F5RR1245MILW	In order to be safer from flu quit dieting.	In order to better resist flu, quit dieting.
A3F5RR1245MILW	According to the American Scientist this research has come out after much experimentations on rats.	According to the American Scientist this research has come out after many experimentations on rats.
A3F5RR1245MILW	Experimentaions have proved that those rats on less calories diet have developed a tendency of not overcoming the flu virus .	Experiments have proved that those rats on lower calories diets developed a tendency not to overcome the flu virus .
A3F5RR1245MILW	This Research has proved the very old saying wrong that it is good to starve while in fever.	This Research has proved wrong the very old saying that it is better to starve a fever.
A3F5RR1245MILW	According to the scientist a patient should eat more while in fever.	According to the scientist a patient should eat more during a fever.
A3VH1YUKHIJ6JL	According to the Professor Elizabeth Cardener The people on dieting will be more infectious to the flu virus and will also take long time to recover from this disease.	According to Professor Elizabeth Cardener, people on diets will be more susceptible to the flue virus and may also take longer to recover once infected.
A3VH1YUKHIJ6JL	HE also says that those people who have taken Flu vaccinations also should quit dieting during few months of summer to keep this virus away.	The professor recommends that people who have taken the flue vaccination, discontinue their diet over the summer in order to elude the virus.
A3VH1YUKHIJ6JL	The first nuclear test was in 1990.	The first nuclear test was in 1990.
A3VH1YUKHIJ6JL	Thomas red who was a former director of the Cooperation in the National Laboratory technical committees in Los Angeles&#44; United States has written this book.	Thomas Red,  former director of Cooperation at the National Laboratory Technical Committee of Los Angeles, has written a book.
A3VH1YUKHIJ6JL	The book with the title &#39;nuclear express the political history: bomb and the proliferation&#39; was written by two writers says that the country has also tested the atom bomb and has nuclear secrets.	Thomas C. Reed and Danny B. Stillman wrote the Book, The Nuclear Express: A Political History of the Bomb and Its Proliferation.  They conclude that the U.S. has tested an atom bomb and may also house nuclear secrets.
A3VH1YUKHIJ6JL	Thomas red has said in an interview to the USAID news in 1970 that when Benazir Bhutto was the leader in Pakistan in 90&#39;s&#44; China had tested its first nuclear bomb experiment.	In a 1970 interview with USAID news, Thomas Red stated that when Benazir Bhutto was the leader in Pakistan, China conducted its first nuclear bomb experiment.
A3VH1YUKHIJ6JL	Thomas red said that there are many reasons to believe China has tested its first nuclear bomb.	According to Thomas Red, there are several reasons to beleive that China has tested a nuclear bomb.
A3VH1YUKHIJ6JL	There are informations that China has scientists who had designed the bomb.	Evidence suggests that Chinese scientists designed the bomb.
A3VH1YUKHIJ6JL	He further said that this was the reason why India and Pakistan tested the nuclear bomb in 1990 within just two weeks.	Red went on to say that, in 1990, both India and Pakistan tested their nuclear bomb capabilities within two weeks of each other.
A3MQ8JWI317M6M	He further said that in May 1998&#44; Pakistan has mentioned about the atom bomb experiment in the Pakistani scientists confidence.	He further said that in May 1998, Pakistan had mentioned the atom bomb experiment in the Pakistani scientists' confidence.
A3MQ8JWI317M6M	When Thomas red was questioned about the nuclear technology that China has provided to Pakistan&#44; he said in response that they have the common enemy India.	When Thomas Red was questioned about the nuclear technology that China had provided to Pakistan, he said that they have a common enemy: India.
A3MQ8JWI317M6M	He said that the proof is with the Chinese designer Dr. Khan after which the documents from Libya in this connection have been confirmed.	He said Chinese designer Dr. Khan has the proof after which the documents from Libya in this connection have been confirmed.
A3MQ8JWI317M6M	The question of the nuclear tests are by the United States and the British in the deserts.	The question of the nuclear tests are by the United States and the British in the deserts.
A3MQ8JWI317M6M	He said that Israel has also experienced the results.	He said that Israel has also experienced the same result.
A3MQ8JWI317M6M	To Thomas red the question about China&#39;s nuclear program is the proliferation.	To Thomas Red, the most pressing question about China's nuclear program is the "proliferation."
A3MQ8JWI317M6M	Thomas red said that from 1970 to 1991 the Iranian city of China has set up the nuclear installation for the raw material and to provide instructions.	Thomas Red said that from 1970 to 1991, the Iranian city of China had set up the nuclear installation for the raw material and for providing instructions.
A3MQ8JWI317M6M	In addition to this&#44; China has also provided an Uranium plant to Iran.	In addition to this, China has also provided a Uranium plant to Iran.
A3MQ8JWI317M6M	He said that there are relations between China&#44; North Korea&#44; Iran&#44; Syria&#44; Egypt&#44; Libya&#44; Pakistan and Yemen providing nuclear technology.	He said that there are nuclear relations among China, North Korea, Iran, Syria, Egypt, Libya, Pakistan and Yemen.
ARQ4J4TLTPBNC	This show was arranged on the basis of Madonna&#39;s &#39;album Hard Candy&#39; and it also included few songs with Gypsy or Nomadic band of Ukraine and Justin Timberland.	This show was arranged on the basis of Madonna's album 'Hard Candy' and included a few numbers with ethnic Ukrainian bands as well as Justin Timberlake.
ARQ4J4TLTPBNC	An old racing car was also placed on the stage in the show.	An old racing car was also placed on the stage during the show.
ARQ4J4TLTPBNC	The second successful show of the year 2008 by profit was Celine Dion who earned 236&#44;600&#44;000 dollars.	The second most successful show of 2008, based on profit, was Celine Dion's, which earned $236,600,000.
ARQ4J4TLTPBNC	Canadian show &#39;Taking Chances&#39; toured 24 countries whereas Madonna went to 17 countries which is her first tour in previous 8 years.	The Canadian show 'Taking Chances' toured 24 countries while Madonna, on her first tour in eight years, went to 17 countries.
ARQ4J4TLTPBNC	The director for both singers was Jimmy King&#44; who also organized the &#39;Reunion&#39; tour of &#39;Spice Girls&#39;.	The director for both singers was Jimmy King, who also organized the 'Reunion' tour for 'Spice Girls'.
ARQ4J4TLTPBNC	Madonna has broken her own record of the year 2006.	Madonna has broken her own 2006 record.
ARQ4J4TLTPBNC	In 2006 she earned 193&#44;700&#44;000 dollars through &#39;Confession Concerts&#39;.	In 2006 she earned $193,700,000 through the 'Confession Concerts'.
ARQ4J4TLTPBNC	Pollster has awarded Bon Jovi as the third most successful singer who earned 176&#44;000&#44;000 dollars.	Pollster has named Bon Jovi the third most successful singer, earning $176,000,000.
ARQ4J4TLTPBNC	Bruce Springsteen was on number 3 by earning 166&#44;000&#44;000 dollars and Police get the 5th position by earning 120&#44;600&#44;000 dollars.	Bruce Springsteen was number three, earning $166,000,000 while Police checked in at the 5th position, earning $120,600,000.
A1AYPTB7AYZ623	In America a ticket is increased by an average of 8 percent by cost yearly&#44; Most expensive ticket was sold of 300 dollars at Madonna&#39;s show.	In America, the cost of a ticket is increased by an average of 8 percent yearly. The most expensive ticket was sold for 300 dollars at Madonna's show.
A1AYPTB7AYZ623	The editor of Pollster Gary Bongioni said in prospect of international financial crisis year 2008 proved to be good.	The editor of Pollster, Gary Bongioni, said in prospect of the international financial crisis, year 2008 proved to be good.
A1AYPTB7AYZ623	He predicted 2009 a good year for U2 and Springsteen whose albums are about to release.	He predicted 2009 a good year for U2 and Springsteen, whose albums are about to be release.
A1AYPTB7AYZ623	Ban on coeducation: Taliban	Ban on coeducation: Taliban
A1AYPTB7AYZ623	Local Talibans of Gul Bahadur group have distributed a pamphlet in Miran Shah (Capital of Southern Waziristan) and in other Tehsils in which government and semi government coeducational institutes have been threatened.	Local Talibans of the Gul Bahadur group have distributed a pamphlet in Miran Shah (Capital of Southern Waziristan) and in other Tehsils in which government and semi-government coeducational institutes have been threatened.
A1AYPTB7AYZ623	Pamphlet included that if coeducation institutes are not closed till 5th of January&#44; action will be taken against them.	The pamphlet stated that if coeducation institutes are not closed by the 5th of January, action will be taken against them.
A1AYPTB7AYZ623	Pamphlet said that women are banned to have ID Cards for government aid and for educational purposes and women are prohibited to go to NADRA&#39;s Offices in all Tehsils.	The pamphlet said that women are banned to have ID Cards for government aid and for educational purposes, and women are prohibited to go to NADRA's Offices in all Tehsils.
A1AYPTB7AYZ623	The announcement on the ban of women ID Card has been made at the time when almost 200 women have submitted forms in NADRA Offices in Southern Waziristan for Benazir Income Support Program.	The announcement on the ban of women ID Card has been made at a time when almost 200 women have submitted forms in NADRA Offices in Southern Waziristan for Benazir Income Support Program.
A1AYPTB7AYZ623	According to local people the pamphlet issued by Taliban was announced on the loudspeakers of all the Masjids.	According to local people, the pamphlet issued by Taliban was announced on the loudspeakers of all the Masjids.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	According to Pamphlet after this announcement any woman caught in the school for getting education or in NADRA&#39;s Office for having ID Card will be punished religiously along with her family.	According to the pamphlet, after this announcement, any woman caught in the school getting an education or in NADRA's Office for having an ID Card will be punished by religious law, along with her family.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Moreover Police of District Bannu says on Sunday a landmine exploded on Miram Shah Bannu Road in result of that a traveler died and one is injured.	Moreover, the Police in Bannu District say that on Sunday, a landmine exploded on Miram Shah Bannu Road, killing one traveler and wounding another.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Injured has been admitted in Civil Hospital.	Injured people have been admitted to the Civil Hospital.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	More bodies were recovered from the target killings.	More bodies were recovered from the targeted killings.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	According to the police&#44; it was on Sunday morning at the Green Chowk Mingora areas Sohrab Khan Chowk that two bodies were moved to the head off.	According to the police, two bodies were removed from the Green Chowk Mingora areas on Sohrab Khan Chowk.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	The Police said that they were killed in the Frontier Corps.	The Police said that they were killed in the Frontier Corps.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	The dead bodies were found at 11 pm and witnesses say that a letter was there near the dead bodies which said that they themselves are responsible for their deaths.	The dead bodies were found at 11 pm and witnesses say that a letter was there near the dead bodies which said that they themselves are responsible for their deaths.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Local people say that at around 11 pm dead bodies were lying in the market. But however the security personnels have shifted the two bodies.	Local people say that at around 11 pm dead bodies were lying in the market.  However, security personnel have shifted the two bodies.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Incidents of target killings have increased to a dangerous extent in the location of Mingora and the near areas during the last few weeks.	Targeted killings have increased to a dangerous extent in the Mingora and nearby areas during the last few weeks.
A1TEAUQ6WHVLXP	According to the local sources&#44; such incidents involve more than 30 people in the operation.	According to local sources, such incidents involve more than 30 people.
A1TEAUQ6WHVLXP	So far no organization has owned the responsibility for the killings.	So far, no organization has taken responsibility for the killings.
A1TEAUQ6WHVLXP	On Saturday the spokesman of Taliban told BBC in the local Taliban Swat Muslim Khan that three bodies of his colleagues were found on Friday which included that of the Taliban commander Rafi.	On Saturday, a spokesman from the Taliban told the BBC in the local Taliban Muslim Khan, that three of his colleagues bodies had been found on Friday. It included the body of the Taliban commander Rafi.
A1TEAUQ6WHVLXP	Muslim Khan said that Rafi was under the custody of the security forces for the last one and a half months.	Muslim Khan told that Rafi was in the custody of security forces for the last month and a half.
A1TEAUQ6WHVLXP	He said that when the local Taliban killed they first issued a notice on the other hand. This has put the common citizens in the Mingora area to anxiety.	He stated that when local Taliban kill, they first issue a notice. This has put common citizens of the Mingora area in a lot of anxiety.
A1TEAUQ6WHVLXP	The local people in Mingora said that a large contingent of security forces are deployed to control the attacks. But in spite of this&#44; attack of citizens have increased.	The people of Mingora say that groups of security forces are there to help control the attacks but in spite of this, attacks on the citizens have increased.
A1TEAUQ6WHVLXP	A musical tribute to Benazir by Bakhtawar	Bakhtawar has dedicated a musical tribute to Benazir.
A1TEAUQ6WHVLXP	A rap song (a modern music genre) recorded in Bakhtawar&#39;s voice is now posted on YouTube.	Bakhtawar has recorded a rap song in the modern music genre that is now posted on You Tube.
A1TEAUQ6WHVLXP	The song is of five minutes duration and portrays Benazir&#39;s life through pictures and clips.	The song is five minutes long and portrays Benazir's life in pictures and clips.
A1RHJJ60P0JWI3	She has a deep interest in singing and poetry.	She has a deep interest in singing and poetry.
A1RHJJ60P0JWI3	It is believed that she started singing after being encouraged by her mother and that too only as a hobby.	It is believed that she started singing after being encouraged by her mother, and started doing so only as a hobby.
A1RHJJ60P0JWI3	She paid tribute to her mother and said that she was both intelligent and beautiful and that she did everything in her own way.	She paid tribute to her mother, who she called both intelligent and beautiful, and described as always doing everything in her own way.
A1RHJJ60P0JWI3	Talking about the incident of 27th December she told that her mother was shot on the temple. She died at an age of 54 and left behind 3 children.	Talking about the incident of December 27th, she said that her mother was shot at the temple. She died at the age of 54 and left 3 children behind.
A1RHJJ60P0JWI3	The whole nation is seeking its direction without her and she is present in everyone&#39;s heart.	The whole nation is seeking direction without her, and she is present in everyone's heart.
A1RHJJ60P0JWI3	Miss Bakhtawar is the second child of Benazir Bhutto behind her 20 years old brother&#44; Bilawal Bhutto.	Miss Bakhtawar is the second child of Benazir Bhutto after her 20 year old brother, Bilawal Bhutto.
A1RHJJ60P0JWI3	She has been taking a keen interest in music from the start.	She has taken a keen interest in music from the start.
A1RHJJ60P0JWI3	Its believed that before her mother&#39;s return to Pakistan&#44; she tried to have a meeting arranged with the Grammy Award winner music producer and rapper Puff Daddy through a friend&#44; who is a journalist but this meeting never took place.	Its believed that before her mother's return to Pakistan, she tried to have a meeting arranged with Grammy Award winning music producer and rapper Sean "P.Diddy" Combs through a journalist friend, but this meeting never took place.
A1RHJJ60P0JWI3	Miss Bakhtawar&#39;s poetry has been translated and published in some Sindhi Newspapers&#44; but this is the first time that her voice is being heard through YouTube.	Miss Bakhtawar's poetry has been translated and published in some Sindhi newspapers, but this is the first time that her voice can be heard via YouTube.
A3MQ8JWI317M6M	Mr. Farhatullah Babar&#44; spokesman of Pakistan Peoples Party has confirmed that both the song’s poetry and vocals on YouTube are performed by Bakhtawar.	Mr. Farhatullah Babar, spokesman of Pakistan Peoples Party, has confirmed that both the song’s poetry and vocals on YouTube are performed by Bakhtawar.
A3MQ8JWI317M6M	He was speaking on phone from Islamabad and said that it is a tribute of a grieve stricken daughter to her courageous mother and has been aired by Pakistan Television&#44; the national television network of Pakistan.	He was speaking on the phone from Islamabad and said that it is a tribute of a grief-stricken daughter to her courageous mother and has been aired by Pakistan Television, the national television network of Pakistan.
A3MQ8JWI317M6M	He further stated that the Peoples Party has not made any plans to distribute the music CDs by Miss Bakhtawar as yet.	He further stated that the Peoples Party has not made any plans to distribute the music CDs by Miss Bakhtawar as of yet.
A3MQ8JWI317M6M	He said that a few months back a fake account of the young Bilawal Bhutto Zardari&#44; the chairman of Pakistan Peoples Party&#44; was made on the website of FaceBook which was later closed down.	He said that a few months back, a fake account of the young Bilawal Bhutto Zardari, the chairman of Pakistan Peoples Party, was made on the website of Facebook, but it was later closed down.
A3MQ8JWI317M6M	Translation of the first sentence goes here.	Translation of the first sentence goes here.
A3MQ8JWI317M6M	Translation of the second sentence goes here.	Translation of the second sentence goes here.
A3MQ8JWI317M6M	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	In recent years, the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity, a major one of which is human growth hormone, commonly known as HGH.
A3MQ8JWI317M6M	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	In recent years, the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity, a major one of which is human growth hormone, commonly known as HGH.
A3MQ8JWI317M6M	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	In recent years, the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity, a major one of which is human growth hormone, commonly known as HGH.
A2F69LKQ5JCVDG	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity, a major one of which is human growth hormone, commonly known as HGH.
A2F69LKQ5JCVDG	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity, a major one of which is human growth hormone, commonly known as HGH.
A2F69LKQ5JCVDG	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity, a major one of which is human growth hormone, commonly known as HGH.
A2F69LKQ5JCVDG	Rocket Fire from Lebanon too&#44; and bombing in response.	Rocket Fire from Lebanon too, and bombing in response.
A2F69LKQ5JCVDG	Israeli Army and Police officials have informed the press that four rockets were launched from Lebanon on to Israeli land&#44; one of which hit the Northern part of Israel in Naharia&#44; which injured two people.	Israeli Army and Police officials have informed the press that four rockets were launched from Lebanon on to Israeli land, one of which hit the Northern part of Israel in Naharia, which injured two people.
A2F69LKQ5JCVDG	In response to the rockets launched from Lebanon&#44; Israeli tanks bombed Lebanon.	In response to the rockets launched from Lebanon, Israeli tanks bombed Lebanon.
A2F69LKQ5JCVDG	It&#39;s not certain that this attack was Hezbollah related or if aggravated Palestinian terrorists are behind this.	It's not certain that this attack was Hezbollah related or if aggravated Palestinian terrorists are behind this.
A2F69LKQ5JCVDG	The Lebanese government has said that they are also trying to investigate who is behind these rocket attacks.	The Lebanese government has said that they are also trying to investigate who is behind these rocket attacks.
A2F69LKQ5JCVDG	The reporters of BBC have declared this an entirely volatile and dangerous situation.	The reporters of BBC have declared this an entirely volatile and dangerous situation.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	In the past few days&#44; it is feared that the Investigation in Gaza might reach to the Northern part of Lebanon and to the Israeli border.	In the past few days, it is feared that the Investigation in Gaza might extend to the Northern part of Lebanon and also  to the Israeli border.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	Israeli forces have executed around 60 aerial attacks on the Gaza strip between Wednesday and Thursday night.	Israeli forces have executed around 60 aerial attacks on the Gaza strip, between Wednesday and Thursday nights.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	According to the Israeli army&#44; the Hamas Police offices&#44; tunnels&#44; weapon stores&#44; rocket launching areas and armed individuals were targeted in these attacks.	According to the Israeli army, they targeted the Hamas Police offices, tunnels, weapon stores, rocket launching areas and armed individuals, in these attacks.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	Aside from Aerial attacks&#44; Gaza was also bombed all night from the Israeli and Bahria tank bases.	Apart from aerial attacks, Gaza was also bombed throughout night, from the Israeli and Bahria tank bases.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	Palestinian sources say that a mosque was destroyed in these aerial attacks on Gaza.	Palestinian sources say that a mosque was destroyed in the aerial attacks on Gaza.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	According to some unverified sources&#44; Israeli tanks are closing in on the area of Khan Younis with aerial help from helicopters.	According to some unconfirmed sources, Israeli tanks are closing in on the area of Khan Younis, with aerial help from helicopters.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	In the last twelve days&#44; around 700 Palestinians have been killed&#44; a majority of which have been women and children.	In the last twelve days, around 700 Palestinians have been killed, a majority of them being women and children.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	On the other hand&#44; 11 Israeli soldiers have also lost their lives.	On the other hand, 11 Israeli soldiers have also lost their lives.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	Israeli Security Forces have confirmed that a high ranked officer&#44; Amos Gailad&#44; has left for Cairo to discuss conditions of a ceasefire.	Israeli Security Forces have confirmed that a high ranked officer, Amos Gailad, has left for Cairo to discuss about the conditions for a ceasefire.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	Also&#44; a member of the Palestinian authority&#44; Mahmood Abbas&#44; will be reaching Cairo on Friday.	Also, a member of the Palestinian authority, Mahmood Abbas, will be arriving in Cairo on Friday.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	My heart is broken&#44; give me back my kidney.	My heart is broken, give me back my kidney.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	Dr. Richard Batista has said that eight years ago&#44; he gifted his wife Danelle with his kidney to save her life.	Dr. Richard Batista has said that eight years ago, he gave his wife Danelle his kidney to save her life.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	According to some press reports&#44; Dr. Batista has said that his wife repaid him for his gift by betraying him&#44; having relations with someone else&#44; and petitioning for divorce.	According to some press reports, Dr. Batista has said that his wife repaid him for his gift by betraying him, having relations with someone else, and petitioning for divorce.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	In an interview with a local paper&#44; Dr. Batista said that this situation has left him with a hole in his heart.	In an interview with a local paper, Dr. Batista said that this situation has left him with a broken heart.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	According to Dr. Richard Batista&#39;s lawyer&#44; he is asking for his kidney back&#44; but in reality is looking for monetary compensation for his kidney.	According to Dr. Richard Batista's lawyer, he is asking for his kidney back, but in reality is looking for monetary compensation for his kidney.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	According to his wife&#44; they will be appearing before a judge in this matter&#44; in the next few days.	According to his wife, they will be appearing before a judge in this matter, in the next few days.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	140 year old&#44; 9 kilo lobster Freed.	140 year old, 9 kilo lobster Freed.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	&quot;&quot;George the Giant Lobster&quot;&quot; was caught in the sea two weeks earlier.	"George the Giant Lobster" was caught in the sea two weeks earlier.
A1AYPTB7AYZ623	And immediately starting using the lobster as means of their advertisement.	They immediately starting using the lobster as means of advertisement.
A1AYPTB7AYZ623	But a group for animal rights&#44; &quot;&quot;Pita&quot;&quot;&#44; demanded the lobster&#39;s release and now he has been released in the sea again.	But a group for animal rights, "PETA", demanded the lobster's release; now he is in the sea again.
A1AYPTB7AYZ623	George was caught in a sea in Canada&#44; after which he spent ten days in the tank of &quot;&quot;City Crab and Seafood Company.&quot;&quot;	George was caught in a sea in Canada, after which he spent ten days in the tank of "City Crab and Seafood Company."
A1AYPTB7AYZ623	The age of a lobster can usually be determined by its weight.	The age of a lobster can usually be determined by its weight.
A1AYPTB7AYZ623	According to the restaurant manager&#44; Keith Wallanty&#44; they did not mean any harm to the lobster&#44; and put him in the tank only to arouse curiosity amongst their customers.	According to the restaurant manager, Keith Wallanty, the lobster was not meant to be harmed, and was put into the tank only to arouse curiosity with their customers.
A1AYPTB7AYZ623	According to a member of Pita&#44; Ingrid Newkirk&#44; the decision of the restaurant is admirable and is an example to those who only want to keep the animal in a tank or boil them and eat them.	According to a member of PETA, Ingrid Newkirk, the decision of the restaurant is admirable and serves as an example to those who only want to keep the animal in a tank or boil them and eat them.
A1AYPTB7AYZ623	Girl traced with the help of Mobile.	A girl was traced with the help of a mobile.
A1AYPTB7AYZ623	When officials came to know about Natali Maltrice&#44; firefighters and police force of Athol city of Massachusetts started the action.	When officials came to know about Natali Maltrice, firefighters and police of Athol City, Massachusetts started the action.
A1AYPTB7AYZ623	Officials located the exact location of the girl with the help of GPS in her mobile.	Officials located the exact location of the girl with the help of a GPS in her mobile.
AKJUVKPLUEIIE	A week earlier Natali&#39;s grandmother Rose Maltice took Natali with her from supervision of her legal parents.	A week earlier Natali's grandmother Rose Maltice took her away from Natali's legal parents.
AKJUVKPLUEIIE	The police chief of Athol Timothy Anderson told BBC&#44; she said that now she will never return Natali and then she left the state.	The police chief of Athol Timothy Anderson told BBC that she said she would never return Natali, and that she left the state.
AKJUVKPLUEIIE	Police Contacted Mrs. Maltice&#44; but when he did not returned Natali despite of promise then police decided to find him with the help of Natali&#39;s cell.	Police contacted Mrs. Maltice, but when she did not return Natali despite her promise, the police decided to find her with the help of Natali's cell.
AKJUVKPLUEIIE	Since 2005 it is in the law of America that Mobile companies have to provide location of callers 67 percent of callers at a distance of 100 meters and 95 percent of at 300 meters.	Since 2005, the U.S. law requires mobile companies to provide location within 100 meters for 67 percent of callers and within 300 meters for 95 percent of callers.
AKJUVKPLUEIIE	Hamid Karzai on India&#39;s tour	Hamid Karzai is currently on a tour of India.
AKJUVKPLUEIIE	It is the 2nd tour of India by Hamid Karzai in last five months.	It is Hamid Karzai's 2nd tour of India in the last five months.
AKJUVKPLUEIIE	It is hoped that he will discuss the state of affairs after the terrorists attack on Mumbai while in meeting with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh.	It is hoped that, while in meeting with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, Karzai will discuss the state of affairs after the terrorists attack on Mumbai.
AKJUVKPLUEIIE	During this tour he wishes to deliver emotions of Afghanistan and her people and express his unanimity with India.	During this tour he wishes to deliver emotions of Afghanistan and its people and express his unanimity with India.
AKJUVKPLUEIIE	During this tour of Karzai other then extremism bilateral trade will also be discussed.	In addition to the topic of extremism, bilateral trade will also be discussed during this tour.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	During his last tour of India President Hamid Karzai said that extremism will not be allowed to hinder the relations of the two countries.	During his last tour of India, President Hamid Karzai said that extremism will not be allowed to hinder the relations of the two countries.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	He also said that Both India and Afghanistan are facing the challenge of extremism&#44; ruthless and assassination activities.	He also said that both India and Afghanistan are facing the challenge of extremism, ruthlessness, and assassinations.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Peace and solidarity in both the countries is beneficial for the area and the world as well.	Peace and solidarity in both countries is beneficial for the area and the world as well.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	We understand the fact that both countries and the whole world unanimously can eliminate the curse of terrorism.	We understand the fact that if both countries and the whole world unite, then can eliminate the curse of terrorism.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	It must be noted that Karzai had blamed Pakistani Secret agency ISI for attack on Indian Embassy in Kabul in July last year.	It must be noted that Karzai had blamed the Pakistani intelligence agency ISI for the attack on the Indian Embassy in Kabul in July of last year.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	4 Indians and an officer of IFS were killed in this attack.	4 Indians and an officer of IFS were killed in this attack.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	After the attack on Embassy during the Karzai&#39;s tour of India Manmohan Singh said that the attack was on the friendship of India and Afghanistan&#44; we have agreed that will not allow extremism to hinder our relations.	After the attack on the Embassy during the Karzai's tour of India, Manmohan Singh said that the attack was against the friendship of India and Afghanistan, and that they have agreed that will not allow extremism to hinder their relations.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	A special Judge has been nominated for hearing Mumbai attack.	A special Judge has been nominated for the hearings on the Mumbai attack.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	The Mumbai police commissioner Hassan Ghafoor said that the extremists involved with the Mumbai attacks were arrested alive.The accused Ajmal Ameer is the only terrorist arrested with this case.	The Mumbai police commissioner Hassan Ghafoor said that the extremists involved with the Mumbai attacks were arrested alive.  The accused Ajmal Ameer is the only terrorist arrested with this case.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	Ajmal is in the police custody currently and it is expected that the police may be filing a charge sheet against him before January 24.	Ajmal is presently in the custody of the police and it is expected that the police may be filing a charge sheet against him, before January 24.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	The Ajmal asks for a lawyer to defend himself.	Ajmal asks for a lawyer, to defend him.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	He has sent an appeal letter to the Pakistan government asking for legal Help.	He has sent a letter appealing to the Government of Pakistan, for legal Help.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	It is said that evidences are available to say that Pakistani extremists has some relations with the attacks of Mumbai&#44; India.	It is said that enough evidence is available to confirm that Pakistani extremists are involved in the attacks on Mumbai, India.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	Pakistan has accepted that Ajmal is a citizen of Pakistan.	Pakistan has accepted Ajmal as its citizen.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	According to the police case&#44; additional police commissioner Ashok&#44; Police Inspector Vijay and six more policemen were killed while Ajmal and his companion Abu Ismail were caught.	According to the case filed by the police,  Additional Police Commissioner Ashok, Police Inspector Vijay and six more policemen were killed, while Ajmal and his companion Abu Ismail were caught.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	Ismail Khan died in the police action and police have arrested Ajmal alive.	Ismail Khan got killed when the police acted in defence,  and police have arrested Ajmal alive.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	A lawyer has not yet been nominated in the case on behalf of the Ajmal.	A lawyer has not yet been nominated in the case, on behalf of the Ajmal.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	The Government has accepted to give the legal aid cell. The lawyer Danish palpable was nominated but he refused to take the case because of the moral grounds.	The Government has accepted to give the legal aid cell. The lawyer Dinesh Mota was nominated but he refused to take the case on moral grounds.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Translation of the first sentence goes here.	Translation of the first sentence goes here.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Translation of the second sentence goes here.	Translation of the second sentence goes here.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	Chemical and herbal health supplements have become much more popular in recent years.  These include HGH, or human growth hormone.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	Chemical and herbal health supplements have become much more popular in recent years.  These include HGH, or human growth hormone.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	Chemical and herbal health supplements have become much more popular in recent years.  These include HGH, or human growth hormone.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	Chemical and herbal health supplements have become much more popular in recent years.  These include HGH, or human growth hormone.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	Chemical and herbal health supplements have become much more popular in recent years.  These include HGH, or human growth hormone.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	Chemical and herbal health supplements have become much more popular in recent years.  These include HGH, or human growth hormone.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	Chemical and herbal health supplements have become much more popular in recent years.  These include HGH, or human growth hormone.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	On Tuesday&#44; the journalists in Islamabad went on a protest in front of the press club. Newspaper workers&#44; journalists of TV channels&#44; and the employees of newspapers and large number of the media owners raised the protest slogans.	On Tuesday, the journalists in Islamabad went on a protest in front of the press club.  Newspaper workers, TV journalists, and employees of newspapers and large media companies raised protest slogans.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Addressing the protestors&#44; the journalists of big newspapers in Federal Union of Journalists of Pakistan and senior members said that the politicians were protested today. The newspaper owners of small group were holding due to the fear on the rights of journalists.	Addressing the protesters, the journalists of major newspapers in the Federal Union of Journalists of Pakistan said that the protests were against politicians.  Newspaper owners joined them due to the fear for the rights of journalists.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	He said that the Human Rights to the newspaper owners should be given to these organizations. The punishment and impressment camp of workers may lead to loss of billions of rupees in spite of the annual profits.	He said that the human rights to the newspaper owners should be assured by these organizations. The punishment and imprisonment of workers may lead to loss of billions of rupees in annual profits.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	The example of this is that channel five&#44; a private TV at Lahore. A member commited suicide for not recieving salary and many workers today also forced over non-payment of salaries for months because of which they are spending their lives with tension.	An example of this is that channel five, a private TV station in Lahore.  A member commited suicide for not recieving salary, and many workers are anxious because they haven't been paid in months.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	He said that the TV and newspaper owners went on a permanent protest in front of parliament saying that steps should be taken for the rights of journalists.	He said that the TV and newspaper owners were on a permanent protest in front of parliament, saying that steps should be taken for the rights of journalists.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Salman&#44; the governor of Punjab and solar energy criticised to an Urdu newspaper Today about the employees not given any notice.	Salman, the governor of Punjab and solar energy advocate,  complained to the Urdu newspaper Today that the employees were not given any notice.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Dozens of employees were also dismissed at The daily Jinnah&#44; Daily News Channel&#44; Plus Five&#44; Business TV and TV today.	Dozens of employees were also dismissed at The Daily Jinnah, Daily News Channel, Plus Five, Business TV and TV Today.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	The BJP and the secretary general of the demonstrators Mazhar Abbas said while addressing to the country today that his journalist organizations and journalists of the newspaper tied black bandages on their arms claiming the rights of journalists.	The BJP and the secretary general of the demonstrators, Mazhar Abbas, said while addressing to the country today that his journalists and others have tied black bandages on their arms as part fo their protest for the rights of journalists.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	According to the Pakistan Mazhar Abbas 85 percent of workers at newspapers and TV channels are being exploited without any agreement at the place where he is working.	According to the Pakistan Mazhar Abbas, 85 percent of workers at newspapers and TV channels are being exploited, without no contract at the place where they are working.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	The movement Mazhar Abbas Attiya for journalists will continue until the dismissed employees are restored and the newspaper workers wages are determined by the seventh board. The implementation of the award by the TV channels&#44; and newspapers for the employees and the salary has been stopped for many months.	The Mazhar Abbas Attiya demonstrations will continue until the dismissed journalists are re-hitred and the newspaper workers' wages are determined by the committee.  The implementation of the rulings by the TV channels and newspapers concerning their employees' salaries has been delayed for many months.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	non Kabina has raised its voice	Those outside of Kabina has raised their voices.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	New kabinas prime minister Atique Ahmed Khan of Mukhalif Muslim conference which of Pakistani popular party&#44; Pakistan Muslim league and one of Khaimi movement person is involved.	The new prime minister Atique Ahmed Khan is from the Mukhalif Muslim conference, which includes the Pakistani Popular Party, Pakistan Muslim League, and the Khaimi Movement.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	In 11 members of Kabina one of is women whose name is Vazeer bee and she is connected to Atique Mukhalif group.	Vazeer Bee is the only woman among the 11 members of Kabina, and she is connected to the Atique Mukhalif group.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Leaders have confirmed that in Kabina if inspested weekly maximum twelve have been joined in Kabina In the beginning this month leader Atique khan have inspected it has been remove and leader yakhoob khan was appointed.	Leaders have confirmed that if Kabina had decided at the beginning this month, leader Atique Khan would have been removed and Yakhoob Khan was appointed.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	In Nizra was announced later.	Results from Nizra were announced later.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	On the eve of alaf bindari public party had raised slogans in favor of prime minister Benazir Bhutto.	Before Alaf Bindari, the Public Party had raised slogans in favor of Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	The virus has affected 35 lakh consumers.	The virus has affected 350,000 people.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	The first virus was identified on 8 October&#44; 2008 and was named later.	The virus was first identified on October 8, 2008 and was named later.
A11Q9MM0B90TAR	Experts say that the computers affected may be even more than this.	Experts say that even more computers may be affected.
A11Q9MM0B90TAR	For dealing with the consumers meeting the criteria for sites to the &#39;zero zero associate 2000 suture&#39; plight needs to be used.	For dealing with the consumers meeting the criteria for sites to the 'zero zero associate 2000 suture' plight needs to be used.
A11Q9MM0B90TAR	The criteria for sites that has visits from hundreds or thousands of people to file using the virus &#39;services Cork E. E.&#39;&#44; should have a search and include a Code.	The criteria targets sites that have visits from hundreds or thousands of people to file using the virus 'services Cork E. E.', and should have a search and include a Code.
A11Q9MM0B90TAR	After this&#44; the virus in the enthusiastic leap XP system of an LLB will be in any of the file.	After this, the virus in the XP system of an LLB will be embedded in any part of the file.
A11Q9MM0B90TAR	Is this virus in the name of this file creation.	Is this virus in the name of this file creation?
A11Q9MM0B90TAR	Then the registration of XP details in the computer will change.	Then the details of XP's registry in the computer will change.
A11Q9MM0B90TAR	The virus after active comes into the machine and the server and accommodate a point to change.	After becoming active, the virus will enter the server and manipulate a point to change.
A11Q9MM0B90TAR	After this&#44; the download of files from the Web site becomes slow.	After this, downloads of internet files become slow.
A11Q9MM0B90TAR	Depending upon the criteria of sites in the world&#44; the virus affects the computers in different countries.	Depending upon the criteria of sites in the world, the virus can affect the computers in many different countries.
ARQ4J4TLTPBNC	Delivery of The Indian Information.	Delivery of The Indian Information.
ARQ4J4TLTPBNC	After the meeting&#44; the Interior Ministry talked to the representatives of media on Saturday about India.	On Saturday, after the meeting, the Interior Minister spoke to the media about India.
ARQ4J4TLTPBNC	The issue of help for the investigation.	The issue of help for the investigation.
ARQ4J4TLTPBNC	He said that Pakistan is an independent country from India&#44; and is not receiving any information by the investigation of the country.	He said that Pakistan is an independent country, separate from India, and is not receiving any news concerning the investigation of the country.
ARQ4J4TLTPBNC	Daily calls will not be accepted.	Daily calls will not be accepted.
ARQ4J4TLTPBNC	He said that in addition to the information recieved&#44; other informations are also given by India.	He said that in addition to the information received, other news from India was forthcoming .
ARQ4J4TLTPBNC	The interior minister said that atleast 124 members of the Peace team are feared to have been arrested under the law-enforcing the banned organization.	The interior minister said that at least 124 members of the Peace team are feared to have been arrested under the law which bans organizations.
ARQ4J4TLTPBNC	And if there is nothing against some people&#44; then the evidence of action against the innocent people will be released.	And if there are no charges against some people, then the reason for their arrest and incarceration will be released.
ARQ4J4TLTPBNC	In response to a question&#44; he said that a person was arrested in connection with India and action will be taken according to the Pakistani laws.	In response to a question, he said that one individual was arrested in connection with India and that action against him will be taken under the provisions of Pakistani laws.
A31I8S2VQ4XQM7	In response to a question&#44; he said that the Indian law enforcing agencies in Mumbai has given the information to the international community in 42 days and he hopes that the investigation will be for India and Pakistan at the same time.	In response to a question, he said that the Indian law enforcing agencies in Mumbai had given the information to the international community in 42 days and that he hopes that the investigation will conducted jointy by India and Pakistan.
A31I8S2VQ4XQM7	The government has to offer again to repeat the investigation of Mumbai incident and a joint team should be formed.	It has been proposed that the government repeats the investigation into the Mumbai attacks.
A31I8S2VQ4XQM7	It should be noted that a three-member team was formed from India for the Mumbai attacks under the leadership of additional director general of the FIA.	It should be noted that a three-member pannel was formed in India to investigate the Mumbai attacks under the leadership of the FIA's General Director.
A31I8S2VQ4XQM7	Pakistan is to investigate on the Information.	Pakistan is said to be investigating such information.
A31I8S2VQ4XQM7	Pakistan&#39;s High Commissioner Shahid Malik met the President Asif Ali Zardari and has clarified that if any Pakistani individual or group was found to be involved in attacks of Mumbai then action will be taken in India and Pakistan.	Pakistan's High Commissioner Shahid Malik met with President Asif Ali Zardari to state that no Pakistani individual or groups was found to be involved in the Mumbai attacks.
A31I8S2VQ4XQM7	Everything is possible in America	Everything is possible in America.
A31I8S2VQ4XQM7	Mr Obama took the oath on 20th january as the fortieth president of America	Mr. Obama took the oath on January 22nd and became the fortieth President of America.
A31I8S2VQ4XQM7	Tomorrow there will be an address on the stairs of the Lincoln Memorial which has been built to honor the 16th President of the United States in Washington	Tomorrow he will be giving a speech at the stairs of the Lincoln Memorial which was built to honor the 16th President of the United States in Washington.
A31I8S2VQ4XQM7	Mr Obama said that America is facing one of the greatest challanges in its history &#44; but he was very hopeful that America will take control of all the problems	Mr. Obama said that America is facing one of the greatest challanges in its history, but that he was hopeful that America will be able to control such problems.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	And with it Mr Obama said that our country is facing a lot of hardships and it will take some time to get out of them and it will be a tough way out.	Mr. Obama said that our country is facing a lot of problems, and it will take a lot of time and effort to solve them.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	But apart from this &#44; I am still hopeful that ideological founder of this nation the will remain alive	But even so, I am still hopeful that our nation's ideology will survive.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Other then Iraq and Afghanistan war&#44; America has also been facing extreme financial crisis	Other then the Iraq and Afghanistan wars, America has also been facing extreme financial problems.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Special arrangements have been made for the oath taking cermony	Special arrangements have been made for the inauguration.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	According to management two million people are attending this gathering	According to the government, two million people are attending this gathering.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Monday is a national holiday in America because on this day one of the greatest saviour of human rights&#44; Martin Luther King was being assisinated	Monday is a national holiday in America because on this day one of the greatest saviour of human rights, Martin Luther King, Jr. was born.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Martin Luther King was black in race	Martin Luther King was a black man.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Tribute to Martin Luther King&#44; Devoted to work	Tribute to the work of Martin Luther King.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Dr. Martin Luther King was assassinated in 1968.	Dr. Martin Luther King was assassinated in 1968.
A1O5YJYQ1C7YIZ	In Washington preparations are taking place for the arrangements of unprecedented gathering of people for the new President oath ceremony on Tuesday.	In Washington, preparations are taking place for the unprecedented gathering of people attending the new President's oath ceremony on Tuesday.
A1O5YJYQ1C7YIZ	Almost two million people are expected to gather to see this historical President Oath.	Almost two million people are expected to gather to see this historical Presidental Oath.
A1O5YJYQ1C7YIZ	Barack Obama has started Monday by visiting a medical center in Northern Washington where he met wounded American soldiers afterwards he went to a shelter for homeless and painted a wall.	Barack Obama has started Monday by visiting a medical center in Northern Washington where he met wounded American soldiers.  Later he went to a shelter for homeless and painted a wall.
A1O5YJYQ1C7YIZ	Talking to correspondents Barack Obama said: The current crisis we are having and the problems many people are facing&#44;in this situation we can&#39;t sit and relax.	Talking to correspondents, Barack Obama said, "The current crisis we are having and the problems many people are facing does not allow us the time to sit and relax."
A1O5YJYQ1C7YIZ	He said that Martin Luther King has spent his life in serving people.	He said that Martin Luther King had spent his life serving people.
A1O5YJYQ1C7YIZ	Barack Obama said that today when we are remembering him&#44; this is not the day to stay and think. It is the day to act.	Barack Obama said that when we are remembering him, this is not the day to stay and think, it is the day to act.
A1O5YJYQ1C7YIZ	He said that Tuesday&#39;s ceremony will be held on the same place where thousands of people gathered for Martin Luther King&#39;s &#39;I have a dream&#39; in 1963.	He said that Tuesday's ceremony will be held at the same place where thousands of people gathered for Martin Luther King's 'I have a dream' speech in 1963.
A1O5YJYQ1C7YIZ	In this speech Martin Luther King said that the day will come when people will not be differentiated on the base of their color.	In this speech Martin Luther King said that the day would come when people would not be differentiated by the of their color.
A1O5YJYQ1C7YIZ	Mathew Price of BBC says that it is the tragedy of history that the day of Martin Luther is 24 hours earlier then the day when first black President of America will sworn in.	Mathew Price of BBC says that it is the tragedy of history that the day of Martin Luther is 24 hours earlier then the day when first black President of America will sworn in.
A1I3BUQ2A7W9ZL	Additional Political agent raw	Additional Political agent raw
A1I3BUQ2A7W9ZL	Additional political agent was kidnapped ten days ago from south Uzbekistan by some masked people.	Additional political agent was kidnapped ten days ago from South Uzbekistan by some masked people.
A1I3BUQ2A7W9ZL	resources indicates that the agent was kidnapped to Mulla nazeer groups residence	Resources indicate that the agent, was kidnapped to Mulla nazeer group's residence.
A1I3BUQ2A7W9ZL	According to residential sources on Tuesday at 4 pm waziretan s additional political agent Amir Latif will be shifted to Jarge Scouts camp	According to residential sources, on Tuesday at 4 pm Waziretan's additional political agent, Amir Latif will be moved to Jarge Scouts camp.
A1I3BUQ2A7W9ZL	But they did not revealed that they had kidnapped additional political agent	It was not revealed that an additional political agent was kidnapped.
A1I3BUQ2A7W9ZL	residential people told that political agent was kidnapped by local Taliban&#39;s	Local people informed that the agent was kidnapped by the Talibans.
A1I3BUQ2A7W9ZL	Amir Latif was kidnapped at a time when he was leaving for Tang from there.	Amir Latif was kidnapped when he was leaving for Tang.
A1I3BUQ2A7W9ZL	On 11th January 2009 in South Uzbekistan Kahlbi region seven masked people kidnapped additional political agent with driver	On 11th January 2009, in South Uzbekistan's  Kahlbi region seven masked people kidnapped additional political agent with the driver.
A1I3BUQ2A7W9ZL	According to resources first the kidnappers inspected the vehicle and then additional agent was taken in a vehicle and taken away	According to resources first the kidnappers inspected the vehicle and then the additional agent was taken away in a vehicle.
A2X3F103GLZTZS	on 8th December 2008 southern Uzbekistan s assistant political agent Azmatullah was also kidnapped at the same time when he was going for festival from meer ali to banu after few days in southern uzhbekistan with tashildaar amaanullah two people were killed by masked people.	After a few days in Meer Ali in southern Uekistan with Tashildaar Amaanullah, Assistant Political Agent Azmatullah was kidnapped as he was going to the festival in Banu on December 8, 2008.  At this same time, two people were killed by masked bandits.
A2X3F103GLZTZS	British Hacker wins in court	British Hacker wins in court
A2X3F103GLZTZS	42 years British citizen has admitted that he had hacked American Army website.	A 42-year British citizen has admitted that he had hacked an American Army website .
A2X3F103GLZTZS	Gary is suffering from Asperger syndrome. Keep in mind that the patient of Asperger syndrome has insanity of doing similar tasks.	Gary is suffering from Asperger syndrome. Keep in mind that the patient of Asperger syndrome has insanity of doing similar tasks.
A2X3F103GLZTZS	According to his lawyers&#44; it is feared he may attempt suicide if handed over to America .	According to his lawyers, it is feared he may attempt suicide if handed over to the American Judicial system.
A2X3F103GLZTZS	All government attorneys says that there are very fewer doubts about Gary&#39;s health.	All government attorneys agree about Gary's health.
A2X3F103GLZTZS	Lord Justice Moors and Mr. Justice Simon has said that Gary is permitted to file an application for reconsideration in the British court.	Lord Justice Moors and Mr. Justice Simon have said that Gary is allowed to file an application for reconsideration in the British court.
A2X3F103GLZTZS	Gary&#39;s lawyers stated in the court that if Garry is kept away from his family and home&#44; he can commit suicide.	Gary's lawyers stated in the court that if Garry is kept away from his family and home, he could become suicidal.
A2X3F103GLZTZS	Further they said that Interior Secretary did not consider this issue.	They said that the Interior Secretary did not consider this issue.
AONMRAHT4MOTN	Gary has never denied of hacking American Army website.	Gary has never denied hacking the American Army website.
AONMRAHT4MOTN	Gary hacked American Computer Systems in 2001 and 2002 due to which American Government suffered a loss of 8&#44;00&#44;000 dollars.	Gary hacked American computer systems in 2001 and 2002, due to which American Government suffered a loss of 8,00,000 dollars.
AONMRAHT4MOTN	Gary hacked 97 systems including American Naval and NASA.	Gary hacked 97 systems including the American Navy and NASA.
AONMRAHT4MOTN	However Gary says that they did not hack with wrong intentions&#44; rather they were looking for the information on aliens which they think were kept secret by American Government.	However Gary says that they did not hack with ill intent; rather, they were looking for information on aliens which they think were kept secret by American Government.
AONMRAHT4MOTN	Gary&#39;s mother Jenes Sharp said that she is happy of the decision.	Gary's mother Jenes Sharp said that she is happy with the decision.
AONMRAHT4MOTN	Gary&#39;s lawyer said it&#39;s a good decision.	Gary's lawyer said it's a good decision.
AONMRAHT4MOTN	This case is in the court since 2002 and at last a correct decision.	This case has been in the court system since 2002, and at last  there is a correct decision.
AONMRAHT4MOTN	The commander of Kashmir: Two persons were killed	The commander of Kashmir said two people were killed.
AONMRAHT4MOTN	The Lieutenant Colonel of Indian army deployed in Jammu told BBC that Jammu and Kashmir police men has recieved information about 24 rashtria jantadal rifles in the authentical district&#44; gandwah Doda district and in the jungle of Haus.	The Lieutenant Colonel of the Indian army deployed in Jammu told BBC that Jammu and Kashmir police have received information about 24 rashtria jantadal rifles in the authentical district, gandwah Doda district and in the jungle of Haus.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	The spokesman said that the extremists had killed two persons in the 12 years in the district of Hizbul where the Mujahideen has been active from 1960 in this district. The commander is also an expert in landmine blast.	The spokesman said that the extremists had killed two persons in the 12 years in the district of Hizbul where the Mujahideen has been active from 1960 in this district. The commander is also an expert in landmine blast.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	It is suspected that Sajjad Hussain may be associated with it.	It is suspected that Sajjad Hussain may be associated with them.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	According to the bid&#44; the rural areas are still in an operation according to the extremists. Two Kalashnikov rifles were also recovered by the army in the first phase .	According to the bid, the rural areas are still in an operation according to the extremists. Two Kalashnikov rifles were also recovered by the army in the first phase .
A1MMSHJHU659AT	The head of the police for the province of Urdu urged yesterday to cooperate to make this year the most peaceful year.	The head of the police for the province of Urdu urged yesterday to cooperate to make this year the most peaceful year.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	It is worth mentioning that there has been no violence in the November and December during the assembly elections.	It is worth mentioning that there has been no violence in the November and December during the assembly elections.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	In these elections&#44; there has been more than 100 candidates.	There have been more than 100 candidates in this year's election.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	Hizbul Mujahideen has made it clear that there has been no attack in the last 18 years in Jammu and Kashmir.	Hizbul Mujahideen has made it clear that there has been no attack in the last 18 years in Jammu and Kashmir.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	The opposition party announced in the year 2000 July for the first time after which&#44; the Government of India and opposition party had talks with commanders.	The opposition party announced in the year 2000 July for the first time after which, the Government of India and opposition party had talks with commanders.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	However&#44; it was only within 15 days when the ceasefire was finished.	However, it was just within 15 days that the ceasefire was broken.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	It was written in the famous newspaper &#39;Daily News&#39; of Pakistan on Thursday&#44; about the Pakistan extremists living in Kashmir and the groups of Hizbul Mujahideen Lashkar-e-Tayaba.	It was reported on Thursday in the Pakistani newspaper 'Daily News' about the Pakistan's extremist groups living in Kashmir, Hizbul Mujaheddin and Lashkar-e-Tayiba.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	It should be kept in mind that now with the policy of two organizations the Kashmir issue can be resolved through the armed resistance.	It should be kept in mind that now with the policy of two organizations the Kashmir issue can be resolved through the armed resistance.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	Dera Bugti: Explosion on gas pipe line	Dera Bugti: Explosion on gas pipe line
A1MMSHJHU659AT	According to police officials 18 inches diameter pipeline of Loti Gas Field to Pir Koh has been destroyed by explosion.	According to police officials, the explosion has destroyed a  pipeline of an 18 inch diameter on the Loti Gas Field to Pir Koh.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	This pipeline is directed towards Sui Plant.	This pipeline was directed towards Sui Plant.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	Moreover pretending himself as the interpreter of banned organization Baloch Republican Army has accepted the responsibility of the explosion on behalf of his organization on phone.	Moreover, the spokesman form the banned 'Baloch Republican Army' has accepted the responsibility for the explosion on behalf of his organization on phone.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	4th pipeline was exploded in four days.	Fourth pipeline has been blown up in four days.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	An 18 inch diameter pipeline was destroyed in Dera Allah Yar on Friday whose mending was continued till Sunday morning.	An 18" pipeline was destroyed in Dera Allah Yar on Friday. Its mending was continued until Sunday morning.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	General Manager of Sui Southern Gas Company Mushtaq Siddiqui told in Quetta that this supply line will be restarted after noon.	General Manager of Sui Southern Gas Company, Mushtaq Siddiqui, told in Quetta that the supply line will restart in the afternoon.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	There is intense scarcity of gas since 3 days in Quetta&#44; Ziarat and suburb areas where on one one hand snowfall is continued and temperature has dropped below freezing point and on the other hand heater and stoves are not working.	For three days, there have been severe gas shortages in Quetta, Ziarat and their suburbs.  Snowfall is continuing and temperatures have dropped below the freezing point, and stoves and heaters are not working.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Further in the city of Dera Bugti a motorbike exploded in animal market but according to police no casualties.	Also, in the city of Dera Bugti, a motorbike exploded in the animal market, but police report no casulaties.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Administrator for Jamat-al-qaeda	Administrator for Jamat-al-qaeda
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	The head quaters of Jamat-al-qaeda is located 25 kilometers away from Central Tayiba LAHORE at Maridka	The headquarters of Jamat-al-qaeda is located 25 kilometers away from Central Tayiba Lahore, at Maridka
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	This central has hospitals&#44; schools and hostels for students	This center has hospitals, schools and hostels for students.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Rana sana-ullah khan the minister of law of Punjab said that the jamat-al-qaeda is underthe supervision for the placement because the present welfare work going on wil not get disturbed	Rana Sana-ullah Khan, the minister of law of Punjab, said that the Jamat-al-Qaeda is under supervision, and the present welfare work going on will not be disturbed.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	As per the head of jamat-al-qaeda Hafeez sayeed&#39;s son -in-law Khaled Waleed&#44; hospital schools and welfare association is supervised by a government officer of law Babar&#44; who has been declared an administrator&#44; when even central have increased police open courts	As per the head of Jamat-al-Qaeda Hafeez Sayeed's son-in-law Khaled Waleed, hospital schools and welfare associations are supervised by a government officer of law, Babar, who has been declared an administrator.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	For the safety of world alliance race&#44; jamat-al-qaeda has been put sanctions and after that Pakistan&#39;s federalize government has promised the whole country that actions against jamat-al-qaeda have been taken. Jamat&#39;s Hafeez sayeed&#39;s sameet&#44; and his various followers were put into house arrest. By the government of punjab&#44; its in possible to declare an administrator in the Markazey-tuaiba and as per federalize government those who can go against jamat-al-qaeda proceeding to continue	For the safety of the world, Jamat-al-Qaeda has been sanctioned, and Pakistan's federal government has promised the whole country that actions against Jamat-al-Qaeda have been taken. Jamat's Hafeez Sayeed's sameet and his various followers were put into house arrest.  The government of Punjab may appoint an administrator in the Markazey-tuaiba, and as per the federal government, those who can fight Jamat-al-Qaeda will do so.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	The law of Babar belongs to DMG that is Destarcut management group	The law of Babar belongs to DMG, the Destarcut Management Group
AMD40D0GC1L4R	As per the jamat alqaeda &#44;according to one of press release that the head of the jamat hafez saeed has written a letter to the seceratory general of Aqwam-me-mutahda Ban-ki-mon and the commitee of taliban in that he had appealed to remove the sanctions by the safety counsil	According to the Jamat al-Qaeda (in a press release), the head of the Jamat, Hafez Saeed, has written a letter to the Secratary General of Aqwam-me-mutahda Ban-ki-mon and the Commitee of the Taliban in which he appealed to remove the sanctions imposed by the Security Council.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	In that letter he told that the decision taken by the safety counsil is one sided decision and which is unfair and jamat al qaeda has no links with the terrorism but they are involved with their charitable cause.	In that letter, he said that the decision made by the Security Council is a one-sided decision, which is unfair, and Jamat al-Qaeda has no links with the terrorism, but rather they are involved with their charitable cause.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	Translation of the first sentence goes here.	Translation of the first sentence goes here.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	Translation of the second sentence goes here.	Translation of the second sentence goes here.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity, a major one of which is human growth hormone, commonly known as HGH.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity, a major one of which is human growth hormone, commonly known as HGH.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity, a major one of which is human growth hormone, commonly known as HGH.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity, a major one of which is human growth hormone, commonly known as HGH.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity, a major one of which is human growth hormone, commonly known as HGH.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	Chemical and herbal health supplements have become much more popular in recent years.  These include HGH, or human growth hormone.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Four new members have been added into the cabinet yesterday.	Four new members were added to the cabinet yesterday.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Among the new members included in the cabinet are&#44; two from the Hard Community Moment and the other two are from the Jamiat-ulamaye-Islam (fazlur-Rahman) group.	Among the new members included in the cabinet are two from the Hard Community Moment, and the other two are from the Jamiat-Ulamaye-Islam (Fazlur-Rahman) group.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Asif Ali Zardari had taken oaths from the new ministers.	Asif Ali Zardari had taken oaths from the new ministers.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	There present in the oath ceremony were Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani and other members of the cabinet.	Present fo the oath ceremony were Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani and other members of the cabinet.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	After the appointment of four new ministers in the cabinet&#44; new ministers and other new members&#44; the size of the cabinet have increased in number.	After the appointment of four new ministers in the cabinet, new ministers and other new members, the cabinet is larger than before.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Two Ministers from M.Q.M goup- Farooq Sattar and Babar Ghori were Present.Besides them there were Azam Sawati and Ata-ur-Rahman of Jamiat-ulamaye-islam Fazlur-Rahman group&#44; also present in the ceremony.	Two Ministers from the MQM, Farooq Sattar and Babar Ghori, were present.  Besides them there were Azam Sawati and Ata-ur-Rahman of Jamiat-ulamaye-islam Fazlur-Rahman group, also present for the ceremony.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	The Selection announcement of the Tahal N has not been done yet.	The selection announcement of the Tahal has not been released yet.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Farooq Sattar is the Convenor of the Group M.Q.M Whereas Babar Ghori is Senator of that group and their tenure is going to end on 10th March .	Farooq Sattar is the Convenor of the MQM Group.  Babar Ghori is a Senator of that group, and their tenure is going to end on 10th March.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Maulana Ata-ur-Rahman is a member of communal Assembly and is also a younger brother of Fazlur-Rahman.	Maulana Ata-ur-Rahman is a member of the Communal Assembly and is also a younger brother of Fazlur-Rahman.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	It should be well-remembered that in these agreements four members of the main mushiran communal assembly were not present.	It should be well-remembered that in these agreements, four members of the main Mushiran Communal Assembly were not present.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	As it is a history that on 3rd-nov-2008&#44; 22 new ministers and 18 other new members were included in the cabinet. so there were plans to include members from M.Q.M group as well. But due to the Chances of misconceptions M.Q.M group members were not included.	On November 3, 2008, 22 new ministers and 18 other new members were included in the cabinet.  There were plans to include members from  the MQM group as well.  But as it happened, MQM group members were not included.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Baluchistan&#44; pipeline has been exploded	A pipeline has been blown up in Baluchistan.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	According to police it is an 18 inches of diameter pipeline which runs to Sui Gas Plant from various wells of Pir Koh and it was exploded by some unknown armed persons early in the morning.	According to police, it is an 18 inches of diameter pipeline which runs to Sui Gas Plant from various wells of Pir Koh, and it was blown up by some unknown armed persons early in the morning.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Moreover yesterday well number 3 was completely destroyed by explosives and a pipeline was damaged in explosion near Dera Allah Yar.	Moreover, yesterday well number 3 was completely destroyed by explosives and a pipeline was damaged in an explosion near Dera Allah Yar.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	The responsibility has been accepted by Sarbaz Baluch on behalf of his organization an interpreter of banned organization of Baluch Liberation Army.	The responsibility has been claimed by Sarbaz Baluch on behalf of his organization, a banned organization of the Baluch Liberation Army.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Incidents of terrorism have increased in the beginning of 2009.	Incidents of terrorism have increased in early 2009.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	In this months dozens of pipelines have been exploded whereas attacks on trains and Punjabis have multiplied.	In this months dozens of pipelines have been exploded, and attacks on trains and Punjabis have multiplied.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	819 billion dollars package approved for economic reinstatement	The $819 billion economic stimulus package has been approved.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	No member of Republican Party has voted for this plan of President Obama.	No member of the Republican Party has voted President Obama's plan.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	According to Republican members this plan is too &#39;expensive&#39; and will not be effective.	According to Republican members this plan is too expensive and will not be effective.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	In the House this package 244 votes were casted in favor and 188 against.	In the House this package passed 244 to 188.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	The plan of economic reinstatement will be presented in Senate next week where ruling Democratic party has little majority.	The economic stimulus plan will be presented in the Senate next week, where the ruling Democratic Party has a smaller majority.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	It is feared that due to the strong opposition from Republican party approval from Senate will not be easy.	It is feared, due to the strong opposition from the Republican Party, that approval from the Senate will not be easy.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	After the approval of economic reinstatement plan from the House Barak Obama insisted the members not to hinder political opposition to this important plan.	After the approval of the economic stimulus plan from the House, Barack Obama insisted that opponents must not be allowed to hinder the plan.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	President said this plan which he is hopeful of becoming a law till next month will help in establishing a favorable atmosphere in which American trade will get better.	The president said this plan, which he hopes to sign into law next month, will help to establish a favorable atmosphere in which American trade will get better.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	According to this plan common people and traders will have relief of 75 billion dollars debt and 500 billion will be allocated for renovation of roads&#44; bridges&#44; 10&#44;000 schools&#44; unemployment allowance and for research of new technology.	According to this plan, there will be $75 billion of tax cuts, and $500 billion will be allocated for renovation of roads, bridges, 10,000 schools, unemployment allowance and for research of new technology.
A477WG206BMM6	In the House The members of Republican party declared government&#39;s proposed bill as wastage of government finances and said that it will not be helpful in creating new opportunities for employment.	In the House The members of the Republican party declared the government's proposed bill as waste of government finances and said that it will not be helpful in creating new opportunities for employment.
A477WG206BMM6	They insisted on the bill proposed by their party in which rebate on taxes is focused more.	They insisted on the bill proposed by their party in which tax rebates are more focused upon.
A477WG206BMM6	They said by their package very less investment will be able to generate more employment opportunities.	They said by their package much less investment will be able to generate more employment opportunities.
A477WG206BMM6	They said that in place of construction plans&#44; rebate in taxes can produce instant and more employment opportunities.	They said that in place of construction plans, tax rebates can produce more employment opportunities instantly.
A477WG206BMM6	President of Israel has summarize the prime minister of turkey.	The President of Israel has summarize the prime minister of Turkey.
A477WG206BMM6	Rajab argan almost shouted at Israeli president in the Gaza Strip&#44; and said that blood of Muslims have been shed in gaza and after seeing this they felt sorry and on behalf of the people of the Israeli army on the justification of suicide with clapping also rang.	Rajab Argan almost shouted at the Israeli president in the Gaza Strip. He said that blood of Muslims have been shed in Gaza and after seeing this they felt sorry on behalf of the people of the Israeli army.
A477WG206BMM6	Mr. argan said: &quot;&quot;I feel that &#39;the guilt you may be resolved to such words for a higher and they voice to the people&#44; but you were killed in the children and I am to remember the beach near the killing.	Mr. Argan said, "I feel that the guilt you may be resolved to such words for a higher and they voice to the people, but you were killed in the children and I am to remember the beach near the killing."
A477WG206BMM6	Shaimoon papers said that Israel is not the tragedy Gaza HAMAS&#44; which has been set up there dangerous dictator.	Shaimoon papers said that Israel is not the tragedy Gaza HAMAS, which has been set up there dangerous dictator.
A477WG206BMM6	Davies BBC correspondent says in the World Economic Forum in the first ever see the scene.	Davies BBC correspondent says in the World Economic Forum in the first ever see the scene.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Turkey allowing them to Muslim countries&#44; is in the diplomatic relations with Israel&#44; but the last few years&#44; tension is found	Turkey allowing them to visit Muslim countries and has established diplomatic relations with Israel, but tensions have grown in the last few years.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	&quot;&quot;Attacks were not planned in Pakistan&quot;&quot;	Attacks were not planned in Pakistan.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Wajid Shams ul Hassan while talking to Indian channel &#39;NDTV&#39; said that the Pakistani investigations report about Mumbai attacks will be released soon.	Wajid Shams ul Hassan, while talking to Indian channel 'NDTV,' said that the Pakistani investigative report about the Mumbai attacks will be released soon.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	More than 170 people were killed in last November&#39;s Mumbai attacks.	More than 170 people were killed in last November's Mumbai attacks.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	According to India extremist organization Lashkre Taiba is responsible for the attacks.	According to India, the extremist organization Lashkre Taiba is responsible for the attacks.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	India also said that &#39;state elements&#39; of Pakistan were involved in Mumbai attacks.	India also said that 'state elements' of Pakistan were involved in the Mumbai attacks.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	The mutual relations of the two countries are affected.	The diplomatic relations between the two countries have been affected.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	High Commissioner Wajid Shams ul Hassan delivered his first statement about Pakistani investigations which shows&#44; what could be in the investigations report.	High Commissioner Wajid Shams ul Hassan delivered his first statement about the Pakistani investigations, which shows what could be in the investigations report.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Wajid Shams ul Hassan said: As for as the result of investigators&#44; Pakistani soil was not used.	Wajid Shams ul Hassan said:  Investigators have found that these attacks were not planned in Pakistan.
AO86WZ7I0VQZC	I was worried about these two places(Pakistan and England).	I was worried about these two places(Pakistan and England).
AO86WZ7I0VQZC	India and International community has pressurized Pakistan to take action against the responsible s of Mumbai attacks. Pakistan says that she has arrested dozens of workers of the groups who are supposed to be involved in Mumbai attacks	India and International community has pressurized Pakistan to take action against the responsibles of Mumbai attacks. Pakistan says that she has arrested dozens of workers of the groups who are supposed to be involved in Mumbai attacks
AO86WZ7I0VQZC	Wajid Shams ul Hassan said: We are not trying to hide it.	Wajid Shamsul Hassan said: We are not trying to hide it.
AO86WZ7I0VQZC	We believe in taking actions on facts.	We believe in taking actions on facts.
AO86WZ7I0VQZC	Our investigations will be acceptable for the world.	Our investigations will be acceptable for the world.
AO86WZ7I0VQZC	We will try to satisfy India through the results(investigation&#39;s).	We will try to satisfy India through the results(investigation's).
AO86WZ7I0VQZC	While defending the delay in the Pakistani investigations he said that the collection&#44; understanding and verification of such a materiel takes time.	While defending the delay in the Pakistani investigations, he said that the collection, understanding and verification of such a materiel takes time.
AO86WZ7I0VQZC	High Commissioner Wajid Shams ul Hassan said it took India 5 days to present her dossier.	High Commissioner Wajid Shamsul Hassan said that it toked  India 5 days to present her dossier.
AO86WZ7I0VQZC	Translation of the first sentence goes here.	Translation of the first sentence goes here.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	In recent years, chemical and herbal health supplements have greatly increased in popularity.  An important one of these is human growth hormone, commonly known as HGH.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	In recent years, chemical and herbal health supplements have greatly increased in popularity.  An important one of these is human growth hormone, commonly known as HGH.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	In recent years, chemical and herbal health supplements have greatly increased in popularity.  An important one of these is human growth hormone, commonly known as HGH.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	In recent years, chemical and herbal health supplements have greatly increased in popularity.  An important one of these is human growth hormone, commonly known as HGH.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	In recent years, chemical and herbal health supplements have greatly increased in popularity.  An important one of these is human growth hormone, commonly known as HGH.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	In recent years, chemical and herbal health supplements have greatly increased in popularity.  An important one of these is human growth hormone, commonly known as HGH.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	In recent years, chemical and herbal health supplements have greatly increased in popularity.  An important one of these is human growth hormone, commonly known as HGH.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	India claims the presence of Lashkar-e-Taiaba and Jaish-e-Mohammad in Jammu	India claims that Lashkar-e-Taiaba and Jaish-e-Mohammad are present in Jammu.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	There have been reports of the presence of militants in Poonch &#44; the district of Jammu	There have been reports of the presence of militants in Poonch, in the district of Jammu
A11Q9MM0B90TAR	In the mean time fight started which resulted in the casualties of four militants &#44;two soldiers and one policeman	In the meantime, a fight began which resulted in the casualties of four militants, two soldiers, and one policeman.
A11Q9MM0B90TAR	The presence of the militants from Jaish-e-Mohammad and Lashker-e-Taiba till now has been confirmed from the latest reports by the sources.More Army is being sent to fight the militants	The presence of the militants from Jaish-e-Mohammad and Lashker-e-Taiba until now has been confirmed by the latest reports. More soldiers are being sent to fight the militants.
A11Q9MM0B90TAR	In the mean time the government&#39;s nominated minister Omer Abdullah of national conference meet Governor and informed him about the selection of his party member in the assembly	In the meantime, the government's nominated minister of the national conference, Omer Abdullah, met with the governor and informed him of the selection of his party member in the assembly.
A11Q9MM0B90TAR	Congress&#44; a national parties allience &#44;also informed the governer about the Omer Abdullah and favoured him	Congress, a national parties alliance, also informed the governer about Omer Abdullah and supported him.
A11Q9MM0B90TAR	Tomorrow &#44; Omer Abdullah will be made to take oath as the states chief minister	Tomorrow, Omer Abdullah will take an oath as the state's chief minister.
A11Q9MM0B90TAR	It should be nated that in state elections&#44;out of eighty seven seats&#44; national conference won thirty eight seats and came out as the largest party&#44; it should also be noted that the freedom parties boycotted the elections	It should be noted that in state elections, out of eighty-seven seats, the national conference won thirty-eight seats and became the largest party. Also, the freedom parties boycotted the elections.
A11Q9MM0B90TAR	Congress&#44; which won seventy seats is willing to make interum government in alliance with national conference	Congress, which won seventy seats, is willing to create an interum government in alliance with the national conference.
A11Q9MM0B90TAR	Today the party workers warmly welcomed Omer Abdullah on his arrival to Sirinagar	Today the party workers warmly welcomed Omer Abdullah on his arrival to Sirinagar.
A11Q9MM0B90TAR	On this occasion Omer Abdullah said that he will play his role to resume talks between the Indian Government and the Freedom fighters &#44; but it wont be possible before the elections and the formation of the new government	On this occasion Omer Abdullah said that he will take on his role to resume talks between the Indian Government and the Freedom fighters, but it will not be possible before the elections and the formation of the new government.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	Officially European Union plays a decisive role in the mediatory efforts taken for stopping the war in Middle East.	Officially, the  European Union plays a decisive role in the mediatory efforts taken for stopping the war in Middle East.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	According to the official stand of Brussels&#44; Schwarzenberg delegation or efforts of Sarkozy are helping hands in this process.	It is the official stand of Brussels, that Schwarzenberg delegation or efforts of Sarkozy offer helping hands in this process.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	European Union spokesman Amadeu Altafaj said every single step which may help in delivering the conjoint message of European Union to fighting parties is appreciable.	Spokesman for European Union, Mr.Amadeu Altafaj said every single step which may help in delivering the collective message of European Union to the fighting parties, is appreciable.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	Officially everything seems fine.	Everything seems fine, officially.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	But in fact European Union is portraying a picture of internal tension&#44; stress and strain.	But, European Union is, in fact, portraying a picture of internal tension, stress and strain.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	The role of Czech Republic as the President of the Union is already weak	The role of Czech Republic, as the President of the Union, is already weak.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	plus internal affairs has made her helpless.	plus, internal affairs has made her helpless.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	On the other hand the course of action of French President Sarkozy depicts that France is still the President of European Union.	On the other hand, the course of action chosen by the  French President Sarkozy depicts that France is still the President of European Union.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	Although 6 months Presidency tenure of France is over.	Although, the 6 months' tenure of Presidency of France is over
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	French Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner is facing the funniest side.	French Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner faces the most pleasant task.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	He is in the delegation which is led by Schwarzenberg the Foreign Minister of Czech Republic.	He is in the delegation which is led by Schwarzenberg, the Foreign Minister of the Czech Republic.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	In addition to that&#44; the two foreign ministers are giving different statements on the war in Middle East.	In addition, the two foreign ministers are giving different statements on the war in Middle East.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Schwarzenberg says that Israel has the right to defend herself&#44; while according to Kouchner war is not the defense. Germany has also sent a special ambassador to Middle East. As long as European Union does not show unanimous stand&#44; she can not be successful on diplomatic front.	Schwarzenberg says that Israel has the right to defend herself, while according to Kouchner war is not the answer.  Germany has also sent a special ambassador to the Middle East. As long as European Union does not show a unanimous stand, she can not be successful on the diplomatic front.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	The prove is the no lift conduct of Israel to mediatory efforts of European Union.	The proof is that Israel has ignored the EU's diplomatic efforts.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	This is the best time for European Union to prove herself&#44; as America has failed in Middle East due to the policies of George W. Bush.	This is the best time for European Union to prove herself, as American diplomacy has failed in the Middle East due to the policies of George W. Bush.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Financial crisis: German millionaire industrialist&#39;s suicide	Financial crisis: German millionaire industrialist commits suicide.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Adolf Marclay&#44; resident of Swabia in south Germany has left behind a huge industrialist group.	Adolf Marclay, a resident of Swabia in south Germany has left behind a huge industrial company.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	But he was not known to German public a while back.	But he was not well known to German public until recently.
A6FUAY6FZ5FQ7	Marclay Group had to bear the loss of hundreds of million euros after it bought the shares of one of known industry Folks Wigan.	Marclay Group had to bear the loss of hundreds of millions of euros after it bought the shares from the known industry, Folks Wigan.
A6FUAY6FZ5FQ7	then the financial institutes rejected to provide the much needed 100 Million and 1 billion euros to this group and this exerted severe pressure on Marclay.	The financial institutes rejected to provide the much needed one billion euros to this group and this exerted severe pressure on Marclay.
A6FUAY6FZ5FQ7	Recently the same banks accepted to provide loan to Marclay group on urgent basis but Adolf Marclay who started as a small industrialist to reach a place where his industrial group&#39;s annual income reached 30 billion euros&#44; couldn&#39;t bear the the loss in his financial strength.	Recently the same banks accepted to provide a loan to Marclay group on urgent basis. Adolf Marclay who started as a small industrialist, has industrial group's annual income reached 30 billion euros, couldn't bear the the loss in his financial strength.
A6FUAY6FZ5FQ7	After the death of his father when Adolf Marclay took the responsibility of the business he used modern methods and made the business more successful.	After the death of his father, Adolf Marclay took the responsibility of the business. He used modern methods to make his business more successful.
A6FUAY6FZ5FQ7	He named his company Ratiopharm which is now Germany&#39;s most successful and biggest pharmaceutical company.	He named his company Ratiopharm which is now Germany's most successful and biggest pharmaceutical company.
A6FUAY6FZ5FQ7	Till recent times this phamasutical company had a budget of around 5 to 6 billion euros and even now it is earning around 8 billion euros annually. After the great success of Rasue farm the Marclay Group bought many big industries like Hi-Del Barag Cement a manufacture of construction equipment. Kassbohrer and other good car maker	Until recent times this pharmaceutical company had a budget of around 5 to 6 billion euros and is now earning around 8 billion euros annually. After the great success of Rasue farm the Marclay Group bought many big industries such as Hi-Del Barag Cement, a manufacturer of construction equipment as well as Kassbohrer, a good car maker.
A6FUAY6FZ5FQ7	Marclay Group has a employee number of around 100 thousand around the world and among its industries&#44; Rasue Farm has always been given special importance.	Marclay Group has a employee number of around 100 thousand around the world and among its industries, Rasue Farm has always been given special importance.
A6FUAY6FZ5FQ7	Adolf Marclay has said this many times in his life. &quot;&quot;We have been in pharma business since four generations&quot;&quot;.	Adolf Marclay has said this many times in his life. ""We have been in pharma business since four generations"".
A6FUAY6FZ5FQ7	Now the industry is handled by the children and i hope that it continues to work for few hundred years by our family.	Now the industry is handled by his children and I hope that it continues to progress for a few hundred years by our family.
A312KFQ78WB3A4	After the death of Adolf Marclay the Marclay Group will not remain the same as it was before.	After the death of Adolf Marclay, the Marclay Group will not remain the same as it was before.
A312KFQ78WB3A4	Crime rate of foreigners living in Germany	Crime rate of foreigners living in Germany
A312KFQ78WB3A4	According to recent statistics the crime rate of foreigners between 2004 to 2007 .22	According to recent statistics the crime rate of foreigners between 2004 to 2007 changed only .22%.
A312KFQ78WB3A4	9 percent has reduced to .21	9% has reduced to .21%
A312KFQ78WB3A4	4 percent.	4%.
A312KFQ78WB3A4	According to Joachim Herrmann the Interior Minister of Bavaria it is only an apparent positive change.	According to Joachim Herrmann the Interior Minister of Bavaria it is only an apparent positive change.
A312KFQ78WB3A4	He said: It must be considered that foreigners having the German citizenship are increasing.	He said that it must be considered that foreigners having the German citizenship are increasing.
A312KFQ78WB3A4	So it must be added in the statistics that though the criminal is a German citizen but his background is foreigner.	So it must be added in the statistics that the criminal is a German citizen of foreign birth.
A312KFQ78WB3A4	Herrmann said that from 2010 his state will keep this fact in mind while collecting the data of criminals.	Herrmann said that from 2010 his state will keep this fact in mind while collecting the data of criminals.
A11Q9MM0B90TAR	Senator Christoph Ahlhaus of Interior ministry from CDU said:&quot;&quot; When the scientific research is conducted one can not draw results of his own rather they depend on the data which is calculated after research.	Senator Christoph Ahlhaus of CDU's Interior Ministry said: "When the scientific research is conducted one can not draw results of his own rather they depend on the data which is calculated after research.
A11Q9MM0B90TAR	Ahlhaus presented an analysis report of provincial office of crime management prepared in 2006&#44; according to which in the Bergdorf area of Hemberg the percentage of foreigners in the crimes committed there was calculated.	Ahlhaus presented an analytic report prepared by the Provincial Office of Crime Management in 2006; the report calculated the percentage of foreigners in the crimes committed in the Bergdorf area of Hemberg.
A11Q9MM0B90TAR	Results indicate that here foreigners	The crime rate by foreigners crime rate was less than the general population of the province.
A11Q9MM0B90TAR	crime rate is less then the crimes committed in the whole province.	
A11Q9MM0B90TAR	On the contrary during 2006 when youth crime rate in Berlin was observed revealed that the youth having the foreign background was .44	However, the youth crime rate in 2006 in Berlin indicated that youth of a foreign background were responsible for 44.7% of crimes.
A11Q9MM0B90TAR	7 percent.	
A11Q9MM0B90TAR	Other political parties of Germany like SPD&#44; clean atmospherics party Greens&#44; and leftist party Linkspartei are against the of gathering information whether the background of a German citizen is foreign while collecting the data about crimes.	Other German political parties like SPD, the clean atmospherics party Greens, and the leftist party Linkspartei oppose the collection of this data in reporting crimes.
A11Q9MM0B90TAR	Military should be soon removed from Gaza : Almert	Almert: "Military should be soon removed from Gaza"
A11Q9MM0B90TAR	Jew Almert has strongly showed a necessity for continuous war.	Jew Almert has strongly showed a necessity for continuous war.
A290HG650RGY73	Islamic followers Himas Organizations declaring one week war said that within one week Israelis will be removed from gaza patti and it will end the restrictions at gaza Patti.	Islamics following Hamas organizations who declared a one week war stated that within one week, Israelis will be removed from Gaza and the restrictions there will end.
A290HG650RGY73	On the other hand Himas mentor Ismail Husaini has said the victory of isralis at Gaza is from god.	On the other hand, Hamas mentor Ismail Hussaini has said that the victory of the Isralis in Gaza is from God.
A290HG650RGY73	it has been said by him that in this Israel was not not successful in their objectives	He has also said that in this endeavor, Israel was not successful in their objectives.

("not not successful" meaning YES they WERE successful?
or simply "not successful" meaning NO they were NOT successful?)
A290HG650RGY73	Before this in the city of Egypt Sharmul seik on Sunday european and arab personnel one group was formed in which israel was asked about Gaza	Before this, on Sunday in Sharma el Sheikh, Egypt, a group formed of European and Arab governments asked Israel about Gaza.
A290HG650RGY73	in this meeting it was announced that sooner there will be a conference held.	In this meeting it was announced that there will soon be a conference held on the issue.
A290HG650RGY73	in this German chancellor Angera Merikal also participated	German chancellor Angela Merikal was one European head-of-state who participated in the meeting.
A290HG650RGY73	due to the result of war between Himas and Israel 1300 Palestinians nd 10 soldiers totally 13 Israelis were dead	The war between Hamas and Israel has left 1,300 Palestinians, 10 _____ soldiers, and 13 Israelis dead.
A290HG650RGY73	on other hand chief mahmood abbas has strongly told about religious rule in Palestine	Palestinian chief Mahmoud Abbas, on the other hand, has advocated strongly for religious rule in Palestine.
A290HG650RGY73	The Al-Qaeda Germany video message	The Al-Qaeda Germany video message
A14HQNH7COGDK2	The person who talks is Abu Talha and he talks in the German language.	Abu Talha is speaking, in German.
A14HQNH7COGDK2	This video message is in Arabic also.	This video message is also in Arabic.
A14HQNH7COGDK2	The United States has also been mentioned in the screen of the video of October 2008.	The United States is also mentioned in the video from October 2008.
A14HQNH7COGDK2	The message to the German government said that there are a large number of forces in Afghanistan and that they are believed not to attack.	The message, sent to the German government, said that there is a large force in Afghanistan but that it is not believed to be about to attack.
A14HQNH7COGDK2	The person who speaks in German did not threaten attacks.	The German-speaker did not threaten attacks.
A14HQNH7COGDK2	The coalition forces in Afghanistan in the NATO includes a number of German soldiers - almost three and a half thousand.	The NATO coalition forces in Afghanistan include a number of German soldiers - almost three and a half thousand.
A14HQNH7COGDK2	In October last year&#44; the German parliament has given approval to send one thousand soldiers to Afghanistan.	In October of last year, the German parliament approved sending one thousand soldiers to Afghanistan.
A14HQNH7COGDK2	This is the first message for the combined United States and Germany.	This is the first message sent to the combined forces of the United States and Germany.
A14HQNH7COGDK2	The Leader for Affairs Mikhail Fradkov has expressed his scare on terrorism in his message saying: &#39;The German Embassy in Kabul&#44; may have a threat for suicide attack&#39;.	The Leader for Affairs, Mikhail Fradkov, has expressed his deep concern about terrorism in this message, saying: 'The German Embassy in Kabul may be under threat of suicide attack'.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	On Saturday&#44; there was a suicide attack outside the German embassy in Kabul and the Taliban military organization owned the responsibility for it.	On Saturday, there was a suicide attack outside the German embassy in Kabul.  The Taliban military organization claimed responsibility.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Most of the German newspapers and observers expressed the message about the chances of attack over the United States.	Most of the German newspapers and observers relayed the message about the possibility of an attack in the United States.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Germany could be a target.	Germany could be a target.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Fundamentalist Muslims have a negative look over the the Afghan policy of Germany.	Fundamentalist Muslims dislike Germany's policy in Afghanistan.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	The German government does not have a biased policy over Pakistan alone but also over the Middle East countries too.	The German government's policy is biased against Pakistan and other Muslim countries.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	This is the reason for Germany being in the target.	That is the reason for Germany is a target.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Meanwhile&#44; the German government has said that the public video has already been sent to the knowledge of German intelligence agencies.	Meanwhile, the German government has said that the public video has already been sent to the German intelligence agencies.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	The German Federal Anti-crime organization is checking this video.	The German Federal Anti-crime organization is checking this video.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	The president of America Obama&#44; to take charge	American President Obama is trying to take charge.
A477WG206BMM6	Obama&#44; becoming the president of United States of America&#44; received messages of congratulations. And is now in the range of expectation.	Obama, becoming the President of United States of America, received messages of congratulations and is now in the range of expectation.
A477WG206BMM6	The German Chancellor&#44; Angela Merkel &#44; expressed his confidence on the new American president.	The German Chancellor, Angela Merkel , expressed his confidence on the new American president.
A477WG206BMM6	I belive that the Federal Republic of Germany and Persian relationship with the United Stated would solve many problems.	I believe that the relationship with the United States and the Federal Republic of Germany and Persia would solve many problems.
A477WG206BMM6	Russian Prime minister Mir Putin said that this serious and opn heart is a good thing	Russian Prime minister Mir Putin said that this serious and open heart is a good thing.
A477WG206BMM6	The policies of the former American president&#44; George W. Bush faced criticism.	The policies of the former American president, George W. Bush faced criticism.
A477WG206BMM6	The Administration of the international level China praised the constructive role on the movement since&#44; the American President said that the two countries have to strengthen the millitary relations to work together.	The Administration of the international level China praised the constructive role on the movement since, and the American President said that the two countries have to strengthen the military relations to work together.
A477WG206BMM6	Yak says that the German expert is active in city politics	Yak says that the German expert is active in city politics.
A477WG206BMM6	With this&#44; I believe that the coming weeks and months will have strong pressure from economic team to entail Beijing government of China to have better rate of exchange	With this, I believe that the coming weeks and months will have strong pressure from the economic team to encourage the government of China to have better rate of exchange.
A477WG206BMM6	The relationship of India and Former US administration will be better	The relationship of India and Former US administration will be better.
A290HG650RGY73	Pope Benedict also gave a message in the name of peace to the world in the atmosphere of cooperation and stressed on developing.	Pope Benedict also gave a message to the world in the name of peace to promote an atmosphere of cooperation and stress developing relationships.
A290HG650RGY73	Translation of the first sentence goes here.	Translation of the first sentence goes here.
A290HG650RGY73	Translation of the second sentence goes here.	Translation of the second sentence goes here.
A290HG650RGY73	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity, a major one of which is human growth hormone, commonly known as HGH.
A290HG650RGY73	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity, a major one of which is human growth hormone, commonly known as HGH.
A290HG650RGY73	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity, a major one of which is human growth hormone, commonly known as HGH.
A290HG650RGY73	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity, a major one of which is human growth hormone, commonly known as HGH.
A290HG650RGY73	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity, a major one of which is human growth hormone, commonly known as HGH.
A290HG650RGY73	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity, a major one of which is human growth hormone, commonly known as HGH.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Youm e Ashura; Youm e Ashura was observed with reverence and fervor in the whole of Iran commemorating the great sacrifice of Syed-us-Shohadaa Hazrat Imam Hussain (AS).	Youm e Ashura is regarded with reverence and fervor throughout Iran, commemorating the great sacrifice of Syed-us-Shohadaa Hazrat Imam Hussain (AS).
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Mehr News Agency reported that in all major and minor cities including Tehran&#44; the capital city of Iran&#44; the mourning of Syed-us-Shohadaa Hazrat Imam Hussain (AS) was observed with veneration and devotion. A large number of believers attended these mourning gatherings and processions&#44; paying their condolences to The Prophet (S) on the martyrdom of his family members. Today the whole of Iran is grieved and sorrowful on the great sacrifice of the Prophet’s Grandson Hazrat Imam Hussain (AS) in the field of Karbala. The believers recollected the great sacrifice of Syed-us-Shohadaa Hazrat Imam Hussain (AS) in the field of Karbala and took part in gatherings and processions on a large scale.	The Mehr News Agency reported that in all major and minor Iranian cities including Tehran, the mourning of Syed-us-Shohadaa Hazrat Imam Hussain (AS) was observed with veneration and devotion. A large number of believers attended these mourning gatherings and processions, paying their condolences to The Prophet (S) on the deaths of his family members.  Today the whole of Iran is grieved and sorrowful because of the great sacrifice of the Prophet’s Grandson Hazrat Imam Hussain (AS) on the field of Karbala. The believers remember the great sacrifice of Syed-us-Shohadaa Hazrat Imam Hussain (AS) in the field of Karbala, and numerous follower took part in gatherings and processions.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Gaza&#44; Israeli soldiers area of the Mujahideen repulse // Palestinian example of fidelity	Gaza, Israeli soldiers area of the Mujahideen repulse // Palestinian example of fidelity
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	The Mehr news agency&#44; according to the Urdu service in Gaza وباطل right of the battle of the Chinese nature day by Israel پروحشیانہ City population bombing&#44; the Gaza Strip by Israeli air&#44; ground and naval attacks in the 3700 880 people were killed and Palestinians have been injured.	The Mehr news agency, according to the Urdu service in Gaza report that the Gaza City population has been hit by Israeli air, ground and naval attacks.  880 people were killed.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	In at 275 innocent martyrs also included the Arab leaders and the doors of the international human rights organizations so-called on the death&#44; in the fold.	The total of 275 innocent martyrs were ignored by Arab leaders and the so-called international human rights organizations.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Gaza today&#44; the shrouds massacre of Israeli troops pulled the forced the martyrdom&#44; faith and the power of 44 Grand stand and are demonstrate the enemy and Israeli assonance Hayat are so	In Gaza today, the massacre committed Israeli troops does not invalidate the courage and fortitude of the people of Gaza/
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	If the Egyptian President Hosny unlucky not to the doors of HAMAS&#44; upright and Bahadur Mujahid Israel when the defeat of the four&#44; but the with Israeli siege of Egypt&#44; Muslim sectarian siege of the Palestinians&#44; which is the most Arab history sad incident.	If the Egyptian President Hosny Mubarak does not allow Hamas members into his country, his cooperation with the Israelis who killed them will be one of the saddest incidents in the history of Islam.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Meanwhile&#44; Saudi Arabia and Jordan to Israel also governments political&#44; economic assistance to help the Gaza Strip&#44; and with the unarmed Muslims treachery with the Israelis and are	Meanwhile, Saudi Arabia and Jordan have offered Israel  political and economic assistance to help the Gaza Strip.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	New Strategy will be used with the Iran&#44; said the United States of America.	The United States of America says it has changed its policy toward Iran.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	Iran will be a very Big challenge to American Government&#44; Said Obama.	Iran will be a very big challenge to American government, said Obama.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	Obama Said that the Iran&#39;s nuclear program is supported by the Islamic organisations like Hamas and Hezbollah	Obama said that the Iran's nuclear program is supported by Islamist organizations such as Hamas and Hezbollah.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	But&#44; Iran will not adopt the various policy of US president Bush and also&#44; the relationship with India.	But Iran will not adopt the various policy of US president Bush and also, the relationship with India.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	Obama when talking about mutual respect said that the real purpose will be completed and also&#44; he stressed on the desire.	Obama when talking about mutual respect said that the real purpose will be completed and also, he stressed on the desire.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	Obama said that the talks about the Iran in the past should not be spoken	Obama said that discussions about Iran in the past should not be mentioned.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	He said in one of the interview that the new strategy should be followed by the Iran administration.	He said in one of the interviews that the new strategy should be followed by the Iranian administration.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	He gives a special team for the middle east crisis	He will create a special team for the Middle East crisis.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	The efforts will be taken towards peace woll be started after january 20.	The efforts towards peace will start after January 20.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	During one of the press meet&#44; Bush acknowledged the mistake of appointing incompetants.	During one of the press meetings, Bush acknowledged the mistake of appointing incompetent people.
A1N7R29RTNWGZS	The US president George bush said in the White house conference that it would be a goodwill to elect a new president and stopping it would be a biggest attack on the United states.	The US president George Bush said in the White House conference that it would be a goodwill to elect a new president and stopping it would be a biggest attack on the United states.
A1N7R29RTNWGZS	He also said that&#44; it was a mistake to complete the mission in Iraq and the social security reforms	He also said that, it was a mistake to complete the mission in Iraq and the social security reforms
A1N7R29RTNWGZS	Bush&#44; the US president said that he has done 100 for the protection of the United states.	Bush, the US president, said that he has done everything for the protection of the United states.
A1N7R29RTNWGZS	President Bush said that the Israeli&#39;s have right to defent themself and they asked many questions in the Gaza. He also said that the Hamas have no rights to defend and they should not be supported by the world. Only the oppressed should be strangled.	President Bush said that the Israeli's have right to defend themself and they asked many questions in the Gaza. He also said that the Hamas have no rights to defend themselves and they should not be supported by the world. Only the oppressed should be strangled.
A1N7R29RTNWGZS	The US president said that the HAMAS should not unnecessarily provide the israel with the deadly weapons and harm the Palestinians by the US weapons. Also&#44; Bush also praised Nawaz Arabs who is a friend of Israel.	The US president said that the HAMAS should not unnecessarily provide the Israelis with the deadly weapons and harm the Palestinians with US weapons. Also, Bush also praised Nawaz Arabs, who is a friend of Israel.
A1N7R29RTNWGZS	Bush jailed Abu and is in guilt of crime.	Bush jailed Abu and is guilty of the crimes.
A1N7R29RTNWGZS	Viewers say that the crimes of war agaisnt Bush should be set up in organisations and should favor the work of developing humanity.	Viewers say that the crimes of war against Bush should be set up in organizations and should favor the work of developing humanity.
A1N7R29RTNWGZS	President of Iran Ahmadinejad has expressed sorrows on the silence of Arab Leaders	President of Iran Ahmadinejad has expressed sorrows on the silence of Arab Leaders
A1N7R29RTNWGZS	According to the report of Mehr news agency has said that Iranian President Dr. Mehmood Ahmadinejad has strongly condemned and expressed sorrows on the silence of Arab Leaders on the aggression and cruelties of Israel in Gaza.	According to the report of Mehr news agency has said that Iranian President Dr. Mehmood Ahmadinejad has strongly condemned and expressed sorrows on the silence of Arab Leaders on the aggression and cruelties of Israel in Gaza.
ASLRRFY2SAJ4D	President Ahmadinejad has said that all the Arab countries must unite against Israel and save the poor people of Gaza from the brutality of Israel.	President Ahmadinejad has said that all the Arab countries must unite against Israel, to save the poor people of Gaza from brutality.
ASLRRFY2SAJ4D	Ahmadinejad&#44; King of Saudi Arabia must declare his statement about human assassination in Gaza by Israel.	Ahmadinejad, King of Saudi Arabia, must make a statement about Israel's assassinations in Gaza.
ASLRRFY2SAJ4D	According to the report of Mother news agency President Mehmood Ahmadinejad said to Malik Abdullah in his message that silence of Muslim King of Saudi Arabia on the human assassination in Gaza and on the killing of innocent women and children is encouraging enemies of Islam.	According to the report of Mother News Agency, President Mehmood Ahmadinejad said to Malik Abdullah that the Muslim King's silence on assassination of innocent women and children in Gaza is encouraging the enemies of Islam.
ASLRRFY2SAJ4D	President Ahmadinejad said in his message by delivering your true statement about Gaza and by clearly show the support of oppressors so that the attempts of creating differences among Muslims may fail.	President Ahmadinejad said in his message by delivering your true statement about Gaza and by clearly show the support of oppressors so that the attempts of creating differences among Muslims may fail.
ASLRRFY2SAJ4D	President Ahmadinejad said in his message that you know that Israel is killing humans in Gaza since 19 days&#44; killing innocent children&#44; bombarding ruthlessly on the schools&#44; Masjids&#44; houses and hospitals. Jewish government is killing civilian Muslims in Gaza. in a situation like this silence of leaders like you is encouraging Israel.	President Ahmadinejad said that Israel has been killing humans in Gaza for 19 days; killing innocent children and ruthlessly bombarding schools, Masjids, houses and hospitals. The Jewish government is killing civilian Muslims in Gaza. In this situation, the silence of leaders encourages Israel.
ASLRRFY2SAJ4D	President Ahmadinejad asked Malik Abdullah that non Muslim countries like Venezuela and Bolivia have taken solid steps against Israel and you are expected to do better than them.	President Ahmadinejad said to Malik Abdullah that non Muslim countries like Venezuela and Bolivia have taken solid steps against Israel.  The Presidant told Abdullah that he is expected to do better than them.
ASLRRFY2SAJ4D	President Ahmadinejad has said that Palestinians will succeed in Gaza.	President Ahmadinejad has said that Palestinians will succeed in Gaza.
ASLRRFY2SAJ4D	and oppressed will defeat the cruel and it is the promise of Allah.	It is the promise of Allah that the oppressed will defeat the cruel
ASLRRFY2SAJ4D	President George W. Bush terrorism for the United States is still threat.	President George W. Bush, terrorism for the United States is still a threat.
A29VL1U4I9F3PD	Bush has said that the United States was designed to terrorist attack enemy sitting patience to set up Vine and to attack the United States of unflinching plans to the United States and its security should keep the inadvertent not.	Bush has said that the United States was designed to prevent terrorist attacks. Our enemy sits patiently, waiting for a chance to attack the US. Their unflinching plans should be a signal for our government to step up on protecting the country.
A29VL1U4I9F3PD	The American president in the Gaza Strip&#44; millions of Palestinians reduce the grief his aggressive and wrong US policies and defense of the president said today that the United States is the biggest freedom of the country&#44; but observers supporters of the American president&#44; these statements did not accept the reality because of freedom&#44; the United States&#44; nor pioneer human rights of the United States&#44; but supporters in the world body to the Israeli government like the savage is not only crime&#44; but in the direct.	The American president is currently in the Gaza Strip. Millions of Palestinians are reduced grief due to his  aggressive US policies. In defense, the president said today that: "The United States is the biggest free country in the world, but observers of the American president disagree. They believe that the United States shouldn't be pioneering human rights on their own accord. Supporters in the body of the Israeli government believe that some of the ways the US accomplishes things are "savage".
A29VL1U4I9F3PD	Israel children&#44; women and of the common citizens is the president and the United States to hurrah is saying the US humanity and freedom in the world and other places of the world.	Israel children, Women, and common citizens deeply agreed with the president's view of freedom
A29VL1U4I9F3PD	Osama hamdan resistance will teach in Palestine and will continue	Osama Hamadan resistance will teach in Palestine and will continue
A29VL1U4I9F3PD	The Mehr news agency&#44; the report of HAMAS&#44; according to representatives of Lebanon Osama hamdan French to discuss with the news agency&#44; said that the Israel unilaterally by the cease-fire comprehensive cease-fire International against the efforts he said the present in the Gaza اisrael will continue until the cease-fire&#44; one meaningless.	The Mehr news agency, the report of HAMAS, according to representatives of Lebanon Osama hamdan French to discuss with the news agency, said that the Israel unilaterally by the cease-fire comprehensive cease-fire International against the efforts he said the present in the Gaza اisrael will continue until the cease-fire, one meaningless.
A29VL1U4I9F3PD	He said that the cease-fire&#44; one to avoid defeat Israel is trying hamdan said that if Israel wants peace stable that it with the BESIEGE Hamas to end the addition to accept the conditions	He said that the cease-fire was to avoid defeat. Hamas has said that if Israel wanted peace, they would have to accept his conditions.
A29VL1U4I9F3PD	Hamas leader in Lebanon have made it clear that the Gaza Strip&#44; in the rest of the Israeli army if the cease-fire Israel against the resistance will continue.	In Lebanon, the Hamas Leader made it clear that if the Israeli army didn't execute a cease-fire, that the resistance would continue.
A29VL1U4I9F3PD	In the Gaza Strip Beirut with the unity while addressing the Conference&#44; the European countries Osama hamdan relations with Israel to cut deliver worse.	In the Gaza Strip, the relations that Hamas had with Europe and other countries will soon be dissolved.
A29VL1U4I9F3PD	Hamas leader said that the martyrs of the injured and increasing the number of our courage and determination and will be raised.	The Hamas leader said that "As the number of injured people increases, our forces, strength, and willpower shall also increase."
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	Pakistan&#44; six men have been killed by Taliban in tribal area of Pakistan North Waziristan.	Pakistan - Six men have been killed by Taliban in the tribal area of North Waziristan, Pakistan.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	Translation of the second sentence goes here.	Translation of the second sentence goes like this.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	According to information on Tuesday morning local people discovered 4 dead bodies killed by bullets in Tehsil Chowk of Tehsil Mir Ali.	According to information, local people in Tehsil Chowk of Tehsil Mir Ali, discovered 4 dead bodies with bullet injuries, on Tuesday morning.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	Whereas two dead bodies were found in capital Miran Shah thrown in a market.	whereas two dead bodies were found in capital Miran Shah, thrown in a market.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	Urdu written letters were also found nearby dead bodies in which the victims were blamed espionage.	Letters written in Urdu were also found near the dead bodies, in which the victims were blamed of espionage.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	2 weeks earlier in Miran Shah capital of North Waziristan 2 Afghan men were killed on the charge of espionage.	Two weeks earlier, in Miran Shah capital of North Waziristan, 2 Afghan men were killed on the charge of espionage.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	15 men have been killed on the charge of spying for America during last 12 days.	15 men have been killed on the charge of spying for America during the last 12 days.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	Note that during last 6 years more than 100 men have been killed on the charge of espionage in Southern and Northern Waziristan&#44; Taliban are blamed for such murders.	Note that during last 6 years, more than 100 men have been killed on the charge of espionage in Southern and Northern Waziristan. The Talibans are blamed for such murders.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	Barack Obama is expected to sign the order of closing of notorious Guantanamo be Prison.	Barack Obama is expected to sign the Order of closing of notorious Guantanamo Bay Prison.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	New American President Barack Hussein Obama has started to fulfill his promises of election campaign.	America's new President, Barack Hussein Obama, has started to fulfill his promises of election campaign.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	In this regard President Obama has instructed to plan for withdrawal of American Army from Iraq&#44; whereas today American President will sign the order of closing of notorious Guantanamo be Prison.	In this regard, President Obama has instructed to plan for withdrawal of American Army from Iraq; whereas today the American President will sign the order of closing of notorious Guantanamo Bay Prison.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	It is expected that President Barack Obama is about to sign an order by which Guantanamo be Prison will be closed within a year.	It is expected that President Barack Obama will sign an order, by which Guantanamo Bay Prison will be closed within a year.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	Moreover Wight House is expected to release orders about the revision of investigation procedure for dubious terrorists and ban on using rubbish language with prisoners.	Moreover, White House is expected to release orders about the revision of investigation procedure for dubious terrorists and ban on using rubbish language with prisoners.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	President Barack Obama has started to work from the first day of his presidency on his promises of election band first of all took measures to transparent the deeds and sayings of his government.	President Barack Obama has started to work from the first day of his presidency, on his promises of election band. First of all, he took measures to make the deeds and sayings of his government, transparent .
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	Observers say that American President has started the struggle to strengthen the reducing cadre of America on International level but his success rate is very low as till the time America supports the brutal government of Israel nothing good is expected from America. If America wishes to raise his cadre in the world then she must back off from Israel support and must not participate in her crimes.	Observers say that American President has started the struggle to strengthen the stature of America in international scenario.  However, his success rate is very low, as till the time America supports the brutal government of Israel, nothing good is expected to change for America. If America wishes to raise her stature in the world,  then she must withdraw her support to Israel and shall not remain a party in her crimes.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	Tony Blair Islamic organisation Hamas stressed the need to be included in the talks	Tony Blair  stressed the need that Islamic organisation Hamas should be included in the talks.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	Mehr News Agency quoting the British newspaper the times that the كےسابق Britain Prime Minister Tony Blair in the Middle East peace process to include Hamas has stressed the need .	Mehr News Agency, quoting the British newspaper 'The times' SAID that the كےسابق Britain Prime Minister Tony Blair has stressed the need to include Hamas in the Middle East peace process.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	Newspaper said that it is important &#44; according to Tony Blair has a way should be found that &#44; through which Hamas should be brought to the Middle East peace process in بلئر on the Bush انظامیہ only talking to Mahmoud Abbas and Hamas to ignore &#44; also severely criticized the western countries are clear that Hamas &#44; the public understand the power Nizami and now it are to be included in talks before it while he was to be E. interpretation to terrorist organization Hamas a terrorist organization which is trying to defend their country from his home of the others is struggle to hold free and the house of which country like Israel occupied the government has kept freezing control 60 years .	Newspaper said that it is important , according to Tony Blair, that a way should be found out through which Hamas should be brought to the Middle East peace process. بلئر on the Bush انظامیہ only talking to Mahmoud Abbas and Hamas to ignore , also severely criticized the western countries are clear that Hamas , the public understand the power Nizami and now it are to be included in talks before it while he was to be E. interpretation to terrorist organization Hamas a terrorist organization which is trying to defend their country from his home of the others is struggle to hold free and the house of which country like Israel occupied the government has kept freezing control 60 years .
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Complete strike was observed in Quetta and some other areas against murder of four Baluchi traders in Karachi.	A general strike was observed in Quetta and some other areas in response to the murder of four Baluchi traders in Karachi.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	During this all the trade centers remained close traffic was also less then normal.	During this all the trade centers remained closed, and traffic was less then normal.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	The protest was called by Baluchistan trades organization&#44; Pakhtunkhah Milli Awami Party AND JUI who blamed that Karachi Police has allegedly killed them by firing when they reached their car showroom at Tariq Road.	The protest was called by Baluchistan trades organization, Pakhtunkhah Milli Awami Party and JUI, who blamed Karachi Police for killing them by firing on them when they reached their car showroom at Tariq Road.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Abdul Rahim Kakar President of Traders Organization has demanded that police officials involved in the incident should be arrested and punished.	Abdul Rahim Kakar, President of Traders Organization, has demanded that police officials involved in the incident should be arrested and punished.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	However no instant statement of police has arrived.	However no immediate statement of police has arrived.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	The killed traders belonged to the city of Chaman.	The killed traders lived in the city of Chaman.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Government arranged security vastly during strike and police was deployed at all the important places of the city.	Government arranged heavy security during the strike, and police were deployed to all the important places of the city.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Senior Hamas Commander died in Israeli attack	Senior Hamas Commander died in an Israeli attack.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	In an air strike of Israel a senior commander of Hamas has died.	In an Israeli air strike, a senior commander of Hamas has died.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	Hamas officials said that Abu Zakaria Aljamal died in Alshujai palace situated in the East of Gaza city on Saturday.	Hamas officials have said that Abu Zakaria Aljamal has died on Saturday, in Alshujai palace situated in the East of Gaza city.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	In another Israeli air strike scholar of Hamas Nazaar Rayyan was died on Thursday.	In another Israeli air strike, the Hamas scholar Nazaar Rayyan was killed on Thursday.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	Exile leader of Hamas Khalid Mashal residing in Syria resolved to take revenge and warned Israel for ground attack on Gaza.	Leader of Hamas Khalid Mashal residing in-exile in Syria, resolved to take revenge and has warned Israel for ground attacks on Gaza.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	Thousand of soldiers and tanks are deployed on Gaza border&#44; they are waiting for orders of launching attack.	Thousand of soldiers and tanks are deployed on the Gazan border, waiting for orders to launch an attack.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	America has appealed for ceasefire. but said that the decision of launching the attack on Gaza depends on Israel.	America has appealed for a ceasefire, but said that the decision to an launch the attack on Gaza depended on Israel.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	American President George Bush in his weekly speech on radio blamed Hamas of provoking for inflaming violence and declared its rocket attacks in Israel terrorism.	American President George Bush in his weekly speech on radio has blamed Hamas of provoking the violence, and has declared its rocket attacks in Israel as acts of terrorism.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	He said that America is struggling for ceasefire&#44; but one sided agreement will not be acceptable.	He said that America is requesting a ceasefire, but one sided agreements will not be acceptable.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	Three bodies were recovered in North Waziristan .	Three bodies were recovered in North Waziristan .
A1MMSHJHU659AT	Pakistani security officials said that in the North Waziristan tribal region&#44; three men were dead and bodies were found.	Pakistani security officials said that in the North Waziristan tribal region, three men were found dead.
AO86WZ7I0VQZC	The bodies central city of North Waziristan near Miran Shah and the are such letters in the United States for the men to spying has been accused of.	The bodies central city of North Waziristan near Miran Shah and the are such letters in the United States for the men to spying has been accused of.
AO86WZ7I0VQZC	Officials said that a dead body in the local authorities probably the man who was kidnapped last week.	Officials said that a dead body in the local authorities,is  probably of the man who was kidnapped last week.
AO86WZ7I0VQZC	He said the rest of the colander to move bullets Afghan residents of two bodies.	He said that the rest of the colander moved bullets Afghan residents of two bodies.
AO86WZ7I0VQZC	Translation of the first sentence goes here.	Translation of the first sentence goes here.
AO86WZ7I0VQZC	Translation of the second sentence goes here.	Translation of the second sentence goes here.
AO86WZ7I0VQZC	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity, a major one of which is human growth hormone, commonly known as HGH.
AO86WZ7I0VQZC	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity, a major one of which is human growth hormone, commonly known as HGH.
AO86WZ7I0VQZC	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity, a major one of which is human growth hormone, commonly known as HGH.
AO86WZ7I0VQZC	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity, a major one of which is human growth hormone, commonly known as HGH.
A1RHJJ60P0JWI3	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	In recent years, chemical and herbal health supplements have greatly increased in popularity. A major one of these supplements is human growth hormone, commonly known as HGH.
A1RHJJ60P0JWI3	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	In recent years, chemical and herbal health supplements have greatly increased in popularity. A major one of these supplements is human growth hormone, commonly known as HGH.HGH.
A1RHJJ60P0JWI3	U.S. Vice President Joseph elected reached Pakistan	U.S. Vice President Joe Biden arrived in Pakistan.
A1RHJJ60P0JWI3	The foreign minister of the elected U.S. Vice President welcomed	The foreign minister welcomed the U.S. Vice President.
A1RHJJ60P0JWI3	The United States elected vice president Joseph بائیڈن on a visit to Pakistan. On Friday in the delegation arrived in Islamabad.	The United States sent Vice President Joe Biden on a visit to Pakistan. On Friday the delegation arrived in Islamabad.
A1RHJJ60P0JWI3	External Affairs Minister&#44; Shah Mahmood Qureshi and the American embassy officials. Welcomed him.	External Affairs Minister, Shah Mahmood Qureshi, and the American embassy officials welcomed him.
A1RHJJ60P0JWI3	The American سینیٹرLindsy Grahamبھی with the visit&#44; بائیڈن	The American سینیٹرLindsy Grahamبھی with the visit, بائیڈن
A1RHJJ60P0JWI3	The American embassy press officer Lug فنٹرنے told Voice of America that the newly elected President&#44; during his visit to the Pakistani leadership on various regional issues will hold talks&#44; however&#44; he has not disclosing further details.	The American embassy press officer told Voice of America that the newly elected President will hold talks on various regional issues during his visit, however, he has not disclosed further details.
A1RHJJ60P0JWI3	Foreign Office&#44; according to sources&#44; the chief Joseph بائیڈن government officials&#44; the head of the army&#44; General Ashfaq Pervez also meet kini.	Foreign Office, according to sources, the chief Joseph بائیڈن government officials, the head of the army, General Ashfaq Pervez also meet kini.
A31I8S2VQ4XQM7	Hilal-e-Pakistan to Joseph بائیڈن recipient	Hilal-e-Pakistan medal awarded to Joseph Biden.
A31I8S2VQ4XQM7	After reaching Islamabad Joseph بائیڈن Asif Ali Zardari&#44; the president of meeting.	After arriving in Islamabad Joseph Biden and President Asif Ali Zardari had a meeting.
A31I8S2VQ4XQM7	In addition to the between Pakistan and the United States to close relations with the Hilal-e-Pakistan on the role of the blessed him with a honor.	He was awarded such an honor, the Hilal-e-Pakistan medal,  for helping establish closer international relations between Pakistan and the United States.
A31I8S2VQ4XQM7	It should be noted that Joseph بائیڈن last year&#44; the US Senate Foreign Relations Committee as the Chairman of the رچرڈلوگر Senator with a bill was introduced in the Pakistan for the next five years during the US military aid to the three times more 7. 5 billion dollars to the recommended.	It should be noted that Joseph Biden was until last year, the Chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee at the US Senate. He introduced a bill to increase by three times the US military aid the Pakistan during the next five years, up to 7.5 billion dollars.
A31I8S2VQ4XQM7	Former President Pervez Musharraf&#39;s uniform has played an important role in Prime Minister Geelani&#39;s life.	Former President Pervez Musharraf's uniform played an important role in Prime Minister Geelani's life.
A31I8S2VQ4XQM7	Yousuf Raza Gilani and the Musharraf(file photo)	Yousuf Raza Gilani and Musharraf (file photo)
A31I8S2VQ4XQM7	The Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani said that the United States elected the vice president so that the former President Pervez Musharraf may leave the army uniform and the post of the important role in the democracy.	Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani said that the United States elected the Vice President so that the former President Pervez Musharraf abandons its army uniform and leaves the post to establish democracy.
A31I8S2VQ4XQM7	Yusuf Raza Gilani at the Karachi ship yard statement talking to the journalists.	Yusuf Raza Gilani at the Karachi Shipyard talked to journalists.
A31I8S2VQ4XQM7	He said that the Chairman of US Senate Foreign Affairs Committee of Pakistan remained a supporter of the Leader and has given 15 billion dollars aids to the bill.	He said that the former Chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee of the US Senate had always been a supporter of the Pakistani Leader and had introduced a bill to give 15 billion dollars aids in aid.
AONMRAHT4MOTN	He has also expressed that the new Government in the United States has changed the policy after coming into power.	He has also said that the new government in the United States has changed policy after coming into power.
AONMRAHT4MOTN	(file photo)	(file photo)
AONMRAHT4MOTN	Yousuf Raza Gilani has said that the Government was successful in treating the terrorists as separate from the tribal but the aircraft missiles during the attack by the government efforts were harmful and proved terrorist also get with the tribes.	Yousuf Raza Gilani has said that the government was successful in treating the terrorists as separate from the tribes, but the aircraft missiles during the attack by the government efforts were harmful and proved terrorist also get with the tribes.
AONMRAHT4MOTN	He said that the international community will stand.	He said that the international community will stand.
AONMRAHT4MOTN	The prime minister further said that if no reliable evidences are given by themselves then Pakistan forces will take action in the areas.	The prime minister further said that if no reliable evidence was provided, then Pakistan forces will take action in the areas.
AONMRAHT4MOTN	The Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani has said that if there are evidences and proof of their involvement in the attacks at Mumbai in India it will be investigated and legal action would be taken according.	The Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani has said that if there is evidence and proof of their involvement in the attacks at Mumbai, India, it will be investigated and legal action would be taken according.
AONMRAHT4MOTN	The tour by Rahman and the MQM leader Altaf Hussain to Britain was in response to the meeting of the Rahman with the Prime Minister.	The tour by Rahman and the MQM leader Altaf Hussain to Britain was in response to the meeting of the Rahman with the Prime Minister.
AONMRAHT4MOTN	Quetta&#44; DSP&#44; including four police personnel were killed	Quetta, DSP, including four police personnel were killed
AONMRAHT4MOTN	The file photo	The file photo
AMD40D0GC1L4R	On Wednesday morning in a jeep two DSP&#44; a Sub-inspector and two constable of police training center was going on saryab road&#44; near degree College on a motorcycle rider unknown attackers jeep police opened fire&#44; sub-Inspector Mehdi and constable&#44; were killed on the spot while one DSP Hasan Ali died after reaching the hospital died of severe injuries.	On Wednesday morning in a jeep two DSP, a Sub-inspector and two constable of police training center was going on saryab road, near degree College on a motorcycle rider unknown attackers jeep police opened fire, sub-Inspector Mehdi and constable, were killed on the spot while one DSP Hasan Ali died after reaching the hospital died of severe injuries.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	Hospital sources say that the severe injuries DSP Ghulam Mahmud critical condition and they also head bullets in his neck and began.	Hospital sources say that the severe injuries DSP Ghulam Mahmud critical condition and they also head bullets in his neck and began.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	After the incident&#44; police surrounded area so far in the responsibility of the incident will not accept any.	After the incident, police surrounded area so far in the responsibility of the incident will not accept any.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	Translation of the first sentence goes here.	Translation of the first sentence goes here.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	Translation of the second sentence goes here.	Translation of the second sentence goes here.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH. In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity, a major one of which is human growth hormone, commonly known as HGH. In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity, a major one of which is human growth hormone, commonly known as HGH.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity, a major one of which is human growth hormone, commonly known as HGH.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity, a major one of which is human growth hormone, commonly known as HGH.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity, a major one of which is human growth hormone, commonly known as HGH.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	In recent years, many chemical and herbal health supplements have become greatly popular; one such major supplement is Human Growth Hormone, commonly known as HGH.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	In the past few years, a number of chemical and herbal health supplements have gained popularity among people. The most well-known, we can say is Human Growth Hormone, commonly known as HGH.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	America must remain vigilant against enemy attacks: Bush	The USA must remain vigilant against enemy attacks: Bush
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	President George Bush insisted America to be vigilant against enemy attacks in his last weekly speech from radio.	In his last weekly speech over radio, President George Bush insisted upon USA to be vigilant against enemy attacks .
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	Mr.Bush said the biggest threat for America is the possibility of any other terrorist attack. He warned that enemies of the state are waiting patiently and they are targeted to attack again.	Mr.Bush said the biggest threat for America is the possibility of one more attack by terrorists. He warned that the enemies of the States are waiting patiently and they are planning to attack again.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	Discharging President said that America must never be negligent of her defense.	The Out-going President said that the USA must never be negligent of her defence.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	President Bush conveyed best wishes for upcoming President Barack Obama&#44; who will sworn in on Tuesday.	President Bush conveyed his best wishes for President-elect Barack Obama, who will be sworn in on Tuesday.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	Newly elected President Barack Obama threw light from the platform of Democratic party on the historical importance of Oath ceremony in his speech on weekly radio.	President-elect Barack Obama threw light from the platform of Democratic party, on the historical importance of Oath ceremony, in his weekly speech on radio.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	He said that the ceremony is such a tradition in which the peaceful transfer of powers is deeply tied to American greatness.	He said that the ceremony is such a tradition, in which the peaceful transfer of powers gets deeply tied to American greatness.
A1PUQ78E5OXNOS	Meeting in Raiwind between Sharif Brothers and Federal Minister for Interior; Political and security issues were discussed.	Political and security issues were discussed at the meeting in Raiwind between the Sharif brothers and the Federal Minister for Interior.
A1PUQ78E5OXNOS	The largest opposition party in the center and the ruling party in Punjab&#44; the Pakistan Muslim League’s leader Nawaz Sharif and Federal Minister for Interior Rehman Malik met in Raiwind on Sunday; the meeting was also attended by the Chief Minister of Punjab Shahbaz Sharif.	The meeting between the largest centrist opposition party  and the ruling party in Punjab was held in Raiwind on Sunday.  In attendance were Pakistan Muslim League leader Nawaz Sharif; Federal Minister for Interior Rehman Malik; and Chief Minister of Punjab Shahbaz Sharif.
A1PUQ78E5OXNOS	According to local media&#44; Rehman Malik brought a message from the leadership of Pakistan Peoples Party.	Local media states Rehman Malik delivered a message from the leadership of Pakistan People's Party.
A1PUQ78E5OXNOS	But talking to journalists after the meeting&#44; Rehman Malik did not mention any details about this matter and only stated that he came to talk about building consensus on political issues and to brief the PML(N)’s leadership on the aftermath of the Mumbai attacks.	However, talking to journalists after the meeting, Rehman Malik did not mention any details about this matter, stating only that he came to talk about building consensus on political issues and to brief the PML(N)’s leadership on the aftermath of the Mumbai attacks.
A1PUQ78E5OXNOS	He said&#44; “I informed them about the steps which have been taken so far”.	Malik stated “I informed them about the steps which have been taken thus far."
A1PUQ78E5OXNOS	“Don’t forget that the major crackdown was done in Punjab by the Punjab Government and the team which I have formed now will also require help from the Punjab Government”.	“Don’t forget that the major crackdown was done in Punjab by the Punjab government, and the team that I have formed now will also require help from the Punjab government."
A1PUQ78E5OXNOS	Rehman Malik said that the media is not briefed every day but messages are exchanged with PML(N)’s leadership on daily basis. On the other hand&#44; Pakistan Muslim League spokesman&#44; Pervaiz Rasheed&#44; also refrained from talking about any of the political issues and only stated that Rehman Malik had told everything which was important.	Rehman Malik said that the media is not briefed every day; however, messages are exchanged with PML(N)’s leadership on daily basis. Spokesman for the Pakistan Muslim League, Pervaiz Rasheed, also refrained from talking about any of the political issues, stating only that Rehman Malik had stated everything of importance.
A1PUQ78E5OXNOS	It should be noted that the Interior Minister met with the Pakistan Muslim League’s leadership at such a time when 20 Nazims belonging to PML(Q)&#44; the opposition party in Punjab&#44; held a press conference with Governor Salman Taseer. PML(N)&#44; while dismissing the objections of the Nazims against steps taken by the provincial government objected to the involvement of the Punjab Governor&#44; member of Pakistan Peoples Party&#44; in this matter.	It should be noted that the Interior Minister met with the Pakistan Muslim League’s leadership at the same time when twenty Nazims belonging to PML(Q), the opposition party in Punjab, held a press conference with Governor Salman Taseer. PML(N), while dismissing the objections of the Nazims against steps taken by the provincial government, objected to the involvement in this matter of the Punjab governor, a member of Pakistan Peoples Party.
A1PUQ78E5OXNOS	Speech of Obama is pleasing for Pakistan: President Zardari.	President Zardari stated "Pakistan is pleased with Obama's speech."
A1UQUG6HADUOGP	In a statement on Wednesday he said that the revision of high values and respect by President of America is good for all the people in the world for a better future.	In a statement on Wednesday, he said the revisions of high values and respect by the President of The United States is good for all of the people in the world for a better future.
A1UQUG6HADUOGP	As per the statement the President Zardari has said that the responsibility lies on America to search new ways for peace&#44; development and prosperity with the help of universal brothers in the twenty first century.	President Zardari has stated the responsibility lies with America to search for new ways of peace, development, and prosperity with the help of universal brothers in the twenty first century.
A1UQUG6HADUOGP	It is obvious that on Tuesday President Obama&#44; after taking oath as President of America&#44; in his inaugural address has said that America is interested in developing new ties and relationship with muslim world.	President Obama, in his inaugural address, has said that America is interested in developing new ties and relationships with the Muslim world.
A1UQUG6HADUOGP	He had assured the people of poor countries that America should work with them for social development and to reduce poverty.	He assured the people of poor countries that America should work with them for social development and to reduce poverty.
A1UQUG6HADUOGP	President Obama has appointed a special representative for Afghanistan and Pakistan.	President Obama has appointed a special representative for Afghanistan and Pakistan.
A1UQUG6HADUOGP	Richard Holbrook&#44; ex ambassador for UN Richard Holbrook has been appointed as special representative for Pakistan and Afghanistan.	Former ambassador for the UN Richard Holbrook has been appointed as special representative for Pakistan and Afghanistan.
A1UQUG6HADUOGP	Holbrook had played an important role in the signing of peace agreement of Bosnia Herzegovina.	Holbrook has played an important role in the signing of a peace agreement with Bosnia and Herzegovina.
A1UQUG6HADUOGP	Holbrook said that he is ready for the consultancy of President Obama for Afghanistan and Pakistan.	Holbrook said he is ready to consult with President Obama about Afghanistan and Pakistan.
A1UQUG6HADUOGP	He added that it is not an easy job.	He added that it is not an easy job.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	George Mitchell has been selected for Middle East who will try to improve the peace talks between Arabs and Israel.	George Mitchell has been selected for the Middle East dialogue, to try to improve the peace talks between Arabs and Israel.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	Mitchell is ex senator and he played a key role for the establishment of peace in Northern Ireland.	Mitchell is a former senator, and has played a key role in the establishment of peace in Northern Ireland.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	While speaking in State Department Mitchell said that the situation of Middle East is very dangerous&#44; complex and unpredictable.	While speaking in the State Department, Mitchell has said that the situation of Middle East is very dangerous, complex and unpredictable.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	But even though America will not step back from the attempts of establishment of peace.	But America will not step back from the attempts of establishment of peace.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	Translation of the first sentence goes here.	Translation of the first sentence goes here.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	Translation of the second sentence goes here.	Translation of the second sentence goes here.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity, a major one of which is human growth hormone, commonly known as HGH.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity, a major one of which is human growth hormone, commonly known as HGH.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity, a major one of which is human growth hormone, commonly known as HGH.
A477WG206BMM6	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity, a major one of which is human growth hormone, commonly known as HGH.
A477WG206BMM6	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity, a major one of which is human growth hormone, commonly known as HGH.
A477WG206BMM6	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity, a major one of which is human growth hormone, commonly known as HGH.
A477WG206BMM6	There was two missile attacks in Waziristan. Atleast 18 people would be killed	There were two missile attacks in Waziristan. At least 18 people were killed.
A477WG206BMM6	Pakistan intelligence officials said that that is is suspected that the American Missile attacked North Waziristan in which 18 people were killed.	Pakistan intelligence officials said it is suspected that the American missile attacked North Waziristan in which 18 people were killed.
A477WG206BMM6	According to the officials&#44; the missile from American planes were fired in Waziristan near house in Mir Ali and 10 people were killed.	According to the officials, the missile from American planes was fired in Waziristan near a house in Mir Ali and 10 people were killed.
A477WG206BMM6	According to local officials&#44; five foreigners were killed.	According to local officials, five foreigners were killed.
A477WG206BMM6	The Taliban and Al-Qaida fighter&#39;s area is considered a stronghold.	The Taliban and Al-Qaida fighter's area is considered a stronghold.
A477WG206BMM6	Some incidents of missile attack in Waziristan&#44; killed atleast eight people.	Some incidents of missile attack in Waziristan killed at least eight people.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	After the President Obama coming into power&#44; there was a recent attach in United States.	After President Obama came into the power, there was a recent attack in the United States.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	The Bush administration was to accept the disbelief and claime responsibility for the attacks.	The Bush administration was to accept the disbelief and claim responsibility for the attacks.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	Three missiles from the US planes attacked the Tribal area of North Waziristan on Friday and killed five people.	Three missiles from the US warplanes attacked the Tribal areas of North Waziristan on Friday, killing five people.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	Of those who were killed could not be identified.	None of those who were killed could be identified.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	According to the initial reports&#44; the missile attacked a house in Mir Ali.	According to the initial reports, the missiles destroyed a house in Mir Ali.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	Zardari&#44; the pakistan President said that the first missile attack was in tribal area.	The President of Pakistan Zardari said that the first missile  strike was in the tribal area.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	Translation of the first sentence goes here.	Translation of the first sentence goes here.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	Translation of the second sentence goes here.	Translation of the second sentence goes here.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity, a major one of which is human growth hormone, commonly known as HGH.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	Chemical and herbal health supplements have become much more popular in recent years.  These include HGH, or human growth hormone.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	Chemical and herbal health supplements have become much more popular in recent years.  These include HGH, or human growth hormone.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	Chemical and herbal health supplements have become much more popular in recent years.  These include HGH, or human growth hormone.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	Chemical and herbal health supplements have become much more popular in recent years.  These include HGH, or human growth hormone.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	Chemical and herbal health supplements have become much more popular in recent years.  These include HGH, or human growth hormone.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	India Republic Day in on the occasion of the strict security arrangements.	Strict security is in place for India Republic Day.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	In India Republic Day on Monday sixtieth is being observed&#44; the security of every occasion strict throughout the country and thousands of Iraqi.	The 60th India Republic Day is being observed on Monday, under strict security for every occasion throughout the country.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	The Republic in New Delhi during military parade of weapons&#44; planes and other military equipment to the exhibition.	The Republic in New Delhi plans a military parade of weapons, planes and other military equipment to the exhibition.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Officials say that security arrangements under the Anti-aircraft battery and Jeb sharp also been appointed parade of police and carry out on the roads&#44; the American president on this occasion congratulated India.	Officials say that security arrangements under the Anti-Terrorism Acts will be carried out during the parade of police and on the roads.  The American president congratulated India on this occasion.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	I think that last day two Indian police suspected Pakistani militants in New Delhi in the outskirts of fighting killed after a claim.	I think that last day two Indian police suspected Pakistani militants in New Delhi in the outskirts of fighting killed after a claim.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	According to local officials&#44; the police&#44; the two people&#44; 47 rifles&#44; a grenade and some documents&#44; recovered that these two Pakistani.	According to local officials, the police, the two people, 47 rifles, a grenade and some documents, recovered that these two Pakistani.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	The police investigation is also the them both belonged to Pakistan banned organization of the Lashkar-e-Tayyaba&#44; in November last year was involved in Mumbai attacks.	The police investigation is also the them both belonged to Pakistan banned organization of the Lashkar-e-Tayyaba, in November last year was involved in Mumbai attacks.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	Tea: An effective treatment of Lung Cancer.	Tea: An effective treatment of Lung Cancer.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	New research shows that drinking three cups of tea day	New research shows that drinking three cups of tea day
AMD40D0GC1L4R	greatly reduces the risk of the lung cancer in women under the age of 50.	greatly reduces the risk of the lung cancer in women under the age of 50.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	This research from the Moffet Cancer Centre in Florida says that the chances of contracting lung cancer in women under the age of 50	This research from the Moffet Cancer Centre in Florida says that the chances of contracting lung cancer in women under the age of 50
AMD40D0GC1L4R	who drink tea three times a day&#44; are reduced by 37%	who drink tea three times a day, are reduced by 37%
AMD40D0GC1L4R	The research also said that having more than three cups of tea daily in women over the age of 50 has on special benefits.	The research also said that having more than three cups of tea daily in women over the age of 50 has on special benefits.
A2J85193G537VY	More than 5000 women who had lung cancer were treated in the Moffet Cancer Center&#44; in Tampa&#44; Florida.	More than 5000 women who had lung cancer were treated in the Moffet Cancer Center in Tampa, Florida.
A2J85193G537VY	They were aged between 29 to 74.	They were aged between 29 to 74.
A2J85193G537VY	Researchers compared their medical records and lifestyles to women who were free of lung cancer.	Researchers compared their medical records and lifestyles to women who were free of lung cancer.
A2J85193G537VY	Experts also discovered that tea was mainly effective on a certain type of cancer&#44; called lopler&#44; and was reduced by 66 %.	Experts also discovered that tea was mainly effective on a certain type of cancer called lopler, and was reduced by 66%.
A2J85193G537VY	Every 10th patient of lung cancer falls under this type of cancer.	Every 10th lung cancer patient falls under this type of cancer.
A2J85193G537VY	This type of cancer is especially dangerous because it is deeper than most&#44; and is usually only discoverable when it has spread significantly.	This type of cancer is especially dangerous because it is deeper than most, and is usually only discoverable when it has spread significantly.
A2J85193G537VY	Experts say that younger females can greatly reduce the risk of lung cancer by regularly drinking three cups of tea every day.	Experts say that younger females can greatly reduce the risk of lung cancer by regularly drinking three cups of tea every day.
A2J85193G537VY	They say that incorporating tea in the daily life can greatly reduce the risk of any cancer.	They say that incorporating tea in daily life can greatly reduce the risk of any cancer.
A2J85193G537VY	In Britain&#44; more than 40&#44;000 women are diagnosed with lung cancer every year.	In Britain, more than 40,000 women are diagnosed with lung cancer every year.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	American minister Robert Gutts have told that that war in Afghanistan is a biggest military challenge for America.	American Secretary of Defense Robert Gates has said that the war in Afghanistan is the biggest military challenge for America.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Gutts today briefing about Afghanistan and Iraq war preparations of Obama to cenrt and Aiwane	Gates today briefed Obama about Afghanistan and Iraq war preparations.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Gutts told Aim service of Cent that only war is not solution for problem in Afghanistan he also told to make many areas safer there is no sufficient military which is misused by Taliban.	Gates said that only war is not the solution for problems in Afghanistan;  he also said while many areas are safer, there is not sufficient military force to defeat the Taliban.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Why is there decrease in exercise with increase in age?	Why do people exercise less as they get older?
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	New Research.	New Research.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Exercise is good for health in any age.	Exercise is good for health at any age.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	This makes your heart stronger&#44; decreases cholesterol levels&#44; helps in reducing weight&#44; helps stop diabetes and decreases the chances of Alzheimer&#39;s.	This makes your heart stronger, decreases cholesterol levels, helps in reducing weight, helps stop diabetes and decreases the chances of Alzheimer's.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Unfortunately&#44; a lot of people tend to exercise less with age.	Unfortunately, a lot of people tend to exercise less with age.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Experts say that exercises keeps our mind and body alert&#44; and affects the real age of a person.	Experts say that exercise keeps our minds and bodies alert, and affects the real age of a person.
A16MCTI18DIPWT	Dr. Patricia Paylekka of the Mew Clinic of Minnesota reports that with increase in age&#44; exercise is a major factor in determining proper body functioning.	Dr. Patricia Paylekka of the Mew Clinic of Minnesota reports that with the increase in age, exercise is a major factor in determining proper body functioning.
A16MCTI18DIPWT	Dr Patricia teaches Medicine in Mew Clinic.	Dr Patricia teaches medicine at the Mew Clinic.
A16MCTI18DIPWT	She has done extensive research on older age and the ability to exercise with increasing age.	She has done extensive research on older age and the ability to exercise with the increase of age.
A16MCTI18DIPWT	A team of doctors used High Frequency rays to determine the functioning of the heart.	A team of doctors have used high frequency rays to determine the functioning of the heart.
A16MCTI18DIPWT	In which&#44; the ability of the heart to pump blood&#44; and it&#39;s ability to shrink and relax was researched.	The ability of the heart to pump blood, and it's ability to shrink and relax was researched.
A16MCTI18DIPWT	Experts have concentrated mainly on the left side of the heart which is mainly responsible for the pumping of blood.	Experts have concentrated mainly on the left side of the heart, which is mainly responsible for the pumping of blood.
A16MCTI18DIPWT	They discovered that with increase in age&#44; the problems in the rate of heart relaxation also increase.	They discovered that with increase in age, the problems in the rate of heart, relaxation also increase.
A16MCTI18DIPWT	Dr. Patricia says that with increase in age&#44; the problems in the heart relaxation rates increases and thus effects the ability to exercise with growing age.	Dr. Patricia says that with increase in age, the problems in the heart relaxation rates increases and thus effects the ability to exercise with growing age.
A16MCTI18DIPWT	Dr. Carwin Cain was also part of this research.	Dr. Carwin Cain was also part of this research.
ARQ4J4TLTPBNC	In some instances&#44; blood pressure is a factor in heart anomalies and heart diseases.	In some instances, blood pressure is a factor in both heart anomalies and diseases.
ARQ4J4TLTPBNC	If doctors and patients can work together when it comes to heart diseases&#44; then they can enjoy the benefits of exercise even with older age.	If doctors and patients can work together on the problem of heart disease, then they can enjoy the benefits of exercise even with older age.
ARQ4J4TLTPBNC	There has been a detailed report about this in the American Medical Association Publication.	A detailed report concerning this appeared in the American Medical Association Publication.
ARQ4J4TLTPBNC	No chances of instant war with Pakistan: Indian Army Chief	According to the Army Chief of India, war with Pakistan is not imminent.
ARQ4J4TLTPBNC	Indian Army Chief General Deepak Kapoor says that no chances of instant war with Pakistan&#44; however for the defense of country and to assure the security of her interests we are always vigilant.	Indian Army Chief General Deepak Kapoor says war with Pakistan is not imminent; however, it is in the best interests of the country to remain prepared to defend her interests.
ARQ4J4TLTPBNC	General Kapoor blamed that despite of sureties and International pressure in result of Mumbai attacks&#44; in his words&#44; terrorism network is not only present in Pakistan but is also active.	General Kapoor claimed that despite assurances and international pressure following the Mumbai attacks, the terrorism network is not only present in Pakistan but is also active.
ARQ4J4TLTPBNC	He said this in Srinagar while talking to correspondents.	He said this while speaking to correspondents in Srinaga.
ARQ4J4TLTPBNC	Indian Army Chief was on a day&#39;s tour of Kashmir for the analysis of preparations of armed forces on borders and of complete defense situation in New Delhi administered Kashmir.	The Indian Army Chief was on a daylong tour of the New Delhi-administered Kashmir, where he viewed the army's border preparations and defense system.
ARQ4J4TLTPBNC	He was asked that according to media reports Pakistan has refused the proves of Mumbai attacks presented by India&#44; what is his opinion in this regard?	He was asked his opinion on the reports that Pakistan has denied responsibility for the attacks on Mumbai.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	Talking about the alleged terrorism network in Pakistan he said that Indian Army will have to face the forces which are objected to destroy peace and weaken India.	Talking about the alleged terrorism network in Pakistan, he said that Indian Army will have to face the forces whose object is to destroy peace and weaken India.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	He said that 700 to 800 militants are present in Indian Kashmir almost half of them are foreigners.	He said that 700 to 800 militants are present in Indian Kashmir, almost half of them foreigners.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	General Deepak Kapoor said with the betterment of weather attempts of slander may increase from Pakistan and her side of Kashmir&#44; however India has increased vigilance on borders.	General Deepak Kapoor said as the weather improves attempts of attack from Pakistan and her side of Kashmir may increase; India, however, has increased security on her borders.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	He refused the chances of reducing the number of deployed army in Indian administered Kashmir by saying that no compromise on country security.	He refused the chances of reducing the number of deployed army in Indian administered Kashmir by saying that no compromise on country security.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	May God bring people&#39;s dialogue pleasantness and bring Barack as blessing to world	May God bring people's dialogue pleasantness and bring Barack as blessing to world
AMD40D0GC1L4R	Well there is no hope but see what Pakistan-America relationship brings to us in the result of this change	Well there is no hope but see what Pakistan-America relationship brings to us in the result of this change
AMD40D0GC1L4R	Thats the Wish of martin the king human right activist&#44; who wnated to make the world a peaceful place	That was the wish of Martin Luther King, human rights activist, who wanted to make the world a peaceful place.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	Obama&#39;s (whose name has Hussein also)&#44; oath as a President of America on one hand is historical while on the other hand is a hard test too	Obama's (whose name has Hussein also) oath as a President of America on one hand is historical, while on the other hand is a hard test too.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	not only for him but for all those people who has supported him heartily.	Not only for him, but for all of those people who have supported him wholeheartedly.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	Here in Southern Asia specially Muslims who have developed expectation from him must remember that he has been elected as President of America and Obama must remember that President of America is Practically the president of the whole world.	Here in Southern Asia, Muslims who have developed expectations of him must remember that he has been elected as President of America and Obama must remember that President of America is practically the president of the whole world.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	From now a little bit later a person whose is a servant has been bought to America from their countries and whose blood and sweat has strong urge to do holy war is today American 24th president.	From now a little bit later a person whose is a servant has been bought to America from their countries and whose blood and sweat has strong urge to do holy war is today American 24th president.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	For one about several persons are depending on him.	For one about several persons are depending on him.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	It is necessary for people who likes him not to have over expectations from him.	It is necessary for people who like him not to have excessive expectations of him.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	If Obama succeeds in lowering race&#44; religion and other differences then it will be a victory for people who love him.	If Obama succeeds in reducing racial, religious and other differences, then it will be a victory for people who love him.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	Due to this change what would be effect on Asia due to this question whether there would be a change in american policies	Due to this change, what would be the effect on Asia? Due to this question, would there be a change in American policies?
AMD40D0GC1L4R	What will be the effect of these changes on relationship between Pakistan and America	What will be the effect of these changes on the relationship between Pakistan and America?
AMD40D0GC1L4R	BBC	BBC
AMD40D0GC1L4R	Whether its Mr Obama or any other throught out the world	Whether it's Mr Obama or any other throughout the world.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	After formation of Pakistan also all the prospects of south was under walis south which had a single rule.	After the formation of Pakistan, the South was under Wali South, which had a single rule.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	It had given Pakistan for a period to rule south	Pakistan ruled the south for a while.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	But tragically our government behaved with south as step mother.	But tragically our government like a stepmother toward the South.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	In south after the end of wali south rule there were no increase in schools	In the south, after the end of Wali South rule, no more schools were built.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	And also there showed no interest in their developments.	They also showed no interest in their development.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Presently the girls seeking education went down.	Presently, fewer girls sought an education.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Targeting of educational institutes is continued by local Talibans in NWFP Province of Pakistan.	The targeting of educational institutes is continued by local Talibans in the NWFP Province of Pakistan.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Most schools are destroyed in Swat majority of those are of girls.	Most of the schools destroyed in Swat were for girls.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Not only this Taliban has announced a ban on girls education.	The Taliban have not only announced a ban on girls' education.
A31I8S2VQ4XQM7	What do you think Talibans wants to achieve by stopping women education.	What do you think that the Talibans are trying to by stopping women's education?
A31I8S2VQ4XQM7	Why the government has failed to stop these illegal actions?	Why has the government been unable to stop these illegal actions?
A31I8S2VQ4XQM7	In your opinion what government should do.	What should be done by the government in your opinion?
A31I8S2VQ4XQM7	Question must be this that what ISI and Pakistani Agencies will get.	Questions like these are the ones that ISI and Pakistani Agencies will be getting.
A31I8S2VQ4XQM7	Because Swat people has understand the game that army is there to serve Taliban not to kill them otherwise how five schools can be destroyed in a single night during curfew&#44; how people can be butchered and hanged in the square.	Swat people have learned the game that is the army the one that serves the Taliban instead of going after them, otherwise, how can five schools be destroyed in a single night during curfew, how many people can be butchered and hanged in the square?
A31I8S2VQ4XQM7	When government writ is unable to implement in Swat in these circumstances how the government will succeed in eliminating these illegal activities.	When government is unable to implement Swat in these circumstances, how can the government succeed in eliminating these illegal activities?
A31I8S2VQ4XQM7	Now the question is when government has every thing like armed force&#44; latest weapons&#44; latest technology and spy system then why these Taliban can;t be controlled?	Now the question is,  when government has everything like an army, the latest weapons, latest technology and spy systems then these Taliban can still be controlled?
A31I8S2VQ4XQM7	The only answer is that they are supported by some unseen power that neither their weapons finish nor they get caught.	The only answer is that they are supported by some unseen power that provides the weapons and helps them to not being caught.
A31I8S2VQ4XQM7	The essence is that these Taliban are paving the path for &#39;International Imperialism&#39; by their bad deeds.	The bottom line is that the Taliban are paving the way for 'International Imperialism' through their bad actions.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	ISI had control over Taliban. which was supported by Russia&#44; India and Iran.	ISI had control over the Taliban, which was supported by Russia, India and Iran.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	then there were sudden changes by which the activities of Taliban came to light.	Then there were sudden changes by which the activities of the Taliban came to light.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	ISI received dollar offerings from America there by close friends turned to enemies.	ISI received dollar offerings from America; thereby close friends turned to enemies.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	the results are this the war is still continued. but in reality Pakistan is helped by Iran&#44; India and Russia	The results are this the war continues, but in reality Pakistan is helped by Iran, India and Russia.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	It is a human mistake of doing wrong by not doing what is right.	It is a human mistake of doing wrong by not doing what is right.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	If a thief robs a place&#44; then he is in danger to rob the same place and same time tomorrow as well. If he fears god and man&#44; he will not steal.	If a thief robs a place, then he is in danger to rob the same place and same time tomorrow as well. If he fears god and man, he will not steal.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	Similarly&#44; Israel should realised that it is a wrong thing to have bloodshed in Gaza.	Similarly, Israel should realize that it is wrong to shed blood in Gaza.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	Greetings!	Greetings!
AMD40D0GC1L4R	The question is whether war&#44; armed movements and terrorism are the answer to our problems?	The question is whether war, armed movements and terrorism are the answer to our problems?
A31OCN4MNHUQ6W	This extremist path of war does not solve our problems but increases them.	This extremist path of war does not solve our problems but increases them.

Our problems are increased by the path of war the extremist take.
A31OCN4MNHUQ6W	In their movements&#44; Palestine&#44; Afghanistan&#44; Iraq should take the path that Nelson Mandela took in South Africa as a model.	In their movements, Palestine, Afghanistan, Iraq should take the path that Nelson Mandela took in South Africa as a model.

Palestine, Afghanistan, and Iraq should follow Nelson Mandala example of the path he took in South Africa.
A31OCN4MNHUQ6W	That means political and inner struggle are more important than armed struggle.	That means political and inner struggle are more important than armed struggle.

Neson MAndela showed that political and inner strugle are more important than armed stuggle.
A31OCN4MNHUQ6W	From the participation of Kashmiris in elections it can seen that they have accepted this point-of-view.	From the participation of Kashmiris in elections it can seen that they have accepted this point-of-view.

The citizens of Kashmiris have shown their acceptance of this point of view through their perticipation in the election process.
A31OCN4MNHUQ6W	The Israeli attacks on Gaza still continue in the third week and the death toll have reached to one thousand.	The Israeli attacks on Gaza still continue in the third week and the death toll have reached to one thousand.

In the third week the Israeli attacks on Gaza continued, the death toll reached into one thousand.
A31OCN4MNHUQ6W	In spite of international diplomatic efforts &#44;yet it did not reach to cease-fire.	In spite of international diplomatic efforts ,yet it did not reach to cease-fire.

A ceise-fire could not be reached in spite of diplomatic efforts.
A31OCN4MNHUQ6W	According to an estimate&#44;since the attacks started on 27 December to uptill now&#44;90 thousand Palestinian left their homes and have been migrated to the safe areas.	According to an estimate,since the attacks started on 27 December to uptill now,90 thousand Palestinian left their homes and have been migrated to the safe areas.

An estimated 90,000 Palestinans have left their home and migrated to safer areas since December.
A31OCN4MNHUQ6W	On the other hand relief organizations said by accusing Israel of dereliction of duty toward the protection of Palestinian children &#44;that the one entire generation of Palestinian children has become victim of serious psychological and emotional difficulties.	On the other hand relief organizations said by accusing Israel of dereliction of duty toward the protection of Palestinian children ,that the one entire generation of Palestinian children have become the victim of serious psychological and emotional difficulties.

Releif organization have stated that, through a dereliction of duty to poperlty protect the Palestinian children one entire generation have become victims of serious psychological and emotional difficulties.
A31OCN4MNHUQ6W	what do you say?	what do you say?

What did You say?
AONMRAHT4MOTN	How long lasting peace is possible in Gaza?	How is long lasting peace possible in Gaza?
AONMRAHT4MOTN	For details&#44;click here;	For details, click here:
AONMRAHT4MOTN	Please note followed: Due to increase in number of remarks&#44;only those opinions are to be published which are typed in Urdu.	Please note: Due to an increase in the number of remarks, only those opinions which are typed in Urdu will be published.
AONMRAHT4MOTN	For this purpose&#44;select Urdu be pressing alt+shift from on- sucreen key board.	Select Urdu be pressing alt+shift from on- sucreen key board.
AONMRAHT4MOTN	Talibans should be given chances.	The Taliban should be given a chance.
AONMRAHT4MOTN	Basit&#44;Peshawar	Basit, Peshawar
AONMRAHT4MOTN	Be aware if taliban started the real jehad then who will slaughter the innocent people?	Be aware if the taliban started the real jihad then who will slaughter the innocent people?
AONMRAHT4MOTN	Who will put girl&#39;s school on torch?	Who will put girls' schools to torch?
AONMRAHT4MOTN	And who will hang people at poles by nominating as American spy having no ransom from them after kidnapping.	And who will hang people by accusing them as American spy after having no ransom from their kidnapping?
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Persian era.	The Persian era.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Kohat Pakistan	Kohat, Pakistan
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	If the whole Islamic world just threat Israel for launch of attack you will see that in how much pain father of Israel America will be in	If the whole Islamic world were to threaten Israel if it attempted an attack, Israel's mentors in America would be much worse off.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	and not only talks about real ceasefire rather ceasefire will be accomplished.	This will result not in talks about a ceasefire, but a real ceasefire.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	But what to do our Muslim leaders lack the courage greatly.	But our Muslim leaders lack courage, so what do we do?
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Some one ask Ahmadinejad to take the initiative because your bravery is very popular in BBC Forum.	Ahmadinejad should take the initiative;  he is very popular in the BBC Forum.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	The responsibility of establishing peace and human rights does not rest with the Arabs or the Muslims of the world alone but is the obligation of the entire world community to raise their voice against tyranny.	Peace and human rights are not the sole responsibility of the Arabs or the Muslims of the world, but it is the obligation of the entire world community to raise their voice against tyranny.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	This dreadful incident is the worst amongst the crimes committed by Bush.	This dreadful incident is Bush's worst crime.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Just like in Pakistan and India at the end of the financial year on 30th of June&#44; the governmental institutions are pillaged; the American establishment before the expiry of its term gave a green signal to Israel to do whatever she wants.	As we saw in Pakistan and India at the end of the fiscal year on 30th of June, the governmental has been pillaged; the American administration has given a green signal to Israel to do whatever she wants.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	On the other hand&#44; the United Nations is accepting petitions and more petitions&#44; but in reality it&#39;s nothing. This means only one thing&#44; that even the United Nations is in on the conspiracy against muslims.	On the other hand, the United Nations is accepting petitions and more petitions, but in reality it's nothing. This means only one thing, that even the United Nations is in on the conspiracy against Muslims.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	All Muslim nations should disregard the United Nations&#44; and unite under their own weight.	All Muslim nations should disregard the United Nations, and unite under their own weight.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	We have a lot of examples in front of us. Where America and United Nations are only passing petitions&#44; the Muslims are bearing the brunt of it.	We have a lot of examples in front of us. Where America and United Nations are only passing petitions, the Muslims are bearing the brunt of it.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	What is the use of this probaganda when BBC is not going to publish it.	What is the use of this propaganda when BBC is not going to publish it?
AMD40D0GC1L4R	Now where are all the journalism principles. When it comes to muslims blood BBC seems to take its eyes off the reality.	Now where are all the journalism principles? When it comes to Muslims' blood BBC seems to take its eyes off reality.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	By the way self proclaimed leader of rights.	By the way, self-proclaimed leader of rights.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	Pubslishing something from their own sounds far&#44; they even din&#39;t publish the discussions.	Pubslishing something from their own sounds far, they even din't publish the discussions.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	On be half of the muslims	On be half of the muslims
AMD40D0GC1L4R	They say that in the World you are very much difference By Remining Muslims you and other muslims are in martyred direction and they say all about the muslims	They say that in the orld you are very much difference By Remining Muslims you and other muslims are in martyred direction and they say all about the muslims
A1AKLMHYMFGMC2	A BBC forums said there will never be suicide attacks in India and also never terrorism in front of a particular faith in the target.	A BBC forum said that India will never resort to suicide attacks and that a faith will never be targeted.
A1AKLMHYMFGMC2	In the extremism word Anti-Islam remarks of his life.	In extremism, the word Anti-Islam remarks of his life.
A1AKLMHYMFGMC2	The extremists who is the comments of the above you are not terrorism to send to the particular target	The extremists who is the comments of the above you are not terrorism to send to the particular target
A1AKLMHYMFGMC2	When would our Muslims learn that demon could not be fought with sword.	When would Muslims learn that you cannot fight the demon with a sword.
A1AKLMHYMFGMC2	After seeing the bombardment of Israel in which innocent people unarmed heart cries tears of blood what to do?	The attack on Israel was very disappointing. Innocent, unarmed died. There's nothing one can do about it.
A1AKLMHYMFGMC2	But the root cause is this that in the name of killing people which gives a bad impression on Islam	Islam kills people in the name of religion. This is the biggest problem.
A1AKLMHYMFGMC2	When Palestinian heads had accepted Israels existence then what is the necessary for himas to attack Israel with rockets or committing suicide attacks.	When the Palestinian head accepted Israel's existence, there was no need for the Himas to attack Israel by way of rockets and suicide attacks.
A1AKLMHYMFGMC2	This type of behavior is against humanity.	This type of behavior is against humanity.
A1AKLMHYMFGMC2	Then we have a view of America and other countries supporting Israel.	America and many other countries support Israel.
A290HG650RGY73	And main terrorist should be prosecuted for their painful activities because the main work is done by him.	Major terrorists should be prosecuted for their hurtful activities because the main work is done by them.
A290HG650RGY73	Or else will terrorist be able to do on such a great level of terrorism and who is behind this everyone knows.	Otherwise, terrorists will be able to continue on to a higher level of terrorism, and everyone knows who is behind this.

(this = ?  What does "this" refer to?)
A290HG650RGY73	In this situation in easy language it could be denoted as mafiasm	In plain language, this situation could be labeled as "Mafiasm."
A290HG650RGY73	Hitting people hard and leave them to cry.	Hitting people hard and leaving them crying.

(There is no subject of this sentence -- who is doing the hitting?)
A290HG650RGY73	Although medicines for the wounded&#44; shrouds and compensation money for the dead are being provided by the Arab Rulers but it is being asked.	Although medicine for the wounded is being provided, as well as shrouds and monetary compensation for the dead, the Arab rulers had to be asked to provide them.
A290HG650RGY73	What should be done about Israeli attacks?	What should be done about the Israeli attacks?
A290HG650RGY73	The problem is that the heads of state of all the muslim countries including Saudi Arabia are in a deep slumber. Neither do they have an army nor any defensive strategy. All they think of is that by giving aid&#44; they have fulfilled their obligation.	The problem is that the heads of state of all the Muslim countries, including Saudi Arabia, are in a deep slumber.  They have neither an army nor any defensive strategy.  They believe that by giving simple aid, they have fulfilled their obligation.
A290HG650RGY73	They should immediately take practical steps against Israeli aggression.	They should immediately take practical steps against Israeli aggression, such as placing an oil embargo on European and American countries.
A290HG650RGY73	Like placing an embargo on the oil to European countries and America but alas they ......	
A477WG206BMM6	In my opinion&#44; telling Hamas to quit in the name of peace now&#44; would be an injustice to thousands of widows and orphans.	In my opinion, telling Hamas to quit in the name of peace, now, would be an injustice to thousands of widows and orphans.
A477WG206BMM6	If the Israelites and their supporters are at a rise&#44; then soon Moses shall be born&#44; as this is the law of nature. America and Israel work as gunpowder amongst suicide bombers in Muslims.	If the Israelites and their supporters are at a rise, then soon Moses shall be born, as this is the law of nature. America and Israel work as gunpowder amongst suicide bombers in Muslims.
A477WG206BMM6	The power drunk elephants do not understand this.	The power drunk elephants do not understand this.
A477WG206BMM6	Abu Abdulla: Pakistan.	Abu Abdulla: Pakistan.
A477WG206BMM6	Hamas and Israel should reconcile so that this bloodshed comes to an end.	Hamas and Israel should reconcile so that this bloodshed comes to an end.
A477WG206BMM6	Muhammad Sarfraz&#44; Paris&#44; France	Muhammad Sarfraz, Paris, France
A477WG206BMM6	Absolutely true.	This is absolutely true.
A477WG206BMM6	Let’s suppose that Hamas is really the righteous one and they have waged Jihad against the tyranny to become successful in the divine court&#44; even then they should at least realize that if good brings harm to the people then it is of no use	Let’s suppose that Hamas is really the righteous one and they have waged Jihad against the tyranny to become successful in the divine court. Even then they should at least realize that if good brings harm to the people then it is of no use.
A477WG206BMM6	Those who claim to love God&#44; his Messenger&#44; and their religion; it becomes an integral part of their faith to love humanity.	Those who claim to love God, his Messenger, and their religion; it becomes an integral part of their faith to love humanity.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Rehman on behalf of the helps people who are probably KI (-N find	Rehman helps people who are probably KI (-N find
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	The not to order&#44; but not &#39;Islamabad&#39;s invitation To: The order to.	No order has been given, but the Islamabad government can order them not to.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	But against the Zoroastrianism questioning the your jihad against the order.	Zoroastrianism questions your jihad against the order.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	People time to times when resist not - But the their values this is not the by wearing a &quot;&quot; exploded &quot;&quot;	Difference in our values cannot be addressed by becoming suicide bombs.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Brothers&#44; the fate of the murderer of innocent children is annihilation.	Brothers, the fate of the murderer of innocent children is annihilation.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	But my request to my friends is that Israelis&#44; who had no refuge until yesterday&#44; are now so powerful today that they don&#39;t pay heed to what the world says because the Jews are one.	But my request to my friends is that Israelis, who had no refuge until recentlyy, are now so powerful today that they can ignore what the world says because the Jews are united.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	They are not divided into Shiites and Sunnis but they are all Jews and have made progress in every field of life&#44; built everything.	They are not divided into Shiites and Sunnis but they are all Jews and have made progress in every field of life, and have built everything they need.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	On the contrary&#44; what is the condition of the 55 Islamic states?	On the contrary, what is the condition of the 55 Islamic states?
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	They are lagging behind in every field and now they are so helpless that they are at the mercy of their enemy and are just waiting for their death.	They are lagging behind in every field, and now they are so helpless that they are at the mercy of their enemy and are just waiting for their death.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	Pakistan ،Feroz magsi، Jhang،	Pakistan ،Feroz magsi، Jhang،
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	And better than this would be that israel should be investigated and teach them good and let the world in peace.	And a better way would to investigate Israel and teach them a lesson or two so that the world lives in peace.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	Muslims have plenty of land and resources.	Muslims have vast and and resources.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	There is need to be used properly.	There is a need to put them to proper use.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	One of the shameful situation is this that there wound be no compromise between Himas and Alfath.	One of the shameful situation is that there would be no compromise between Hamas and Alfath.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	famous personalities like Yasser Arafat and Sheik Yasein were been assassinated very diplomatically for Mosque Aksa fighting for &#39;Jihad(holy war)&#39; could be weakened this could have been done only by assassinating Yaseer and Arafat.	Famous personalities like Yasser Arafat and Sheik Yasein were assassinated diplomatically. For Mosque Aksa fighting for 'Jihad(holy war)' has to  be weakened  and this could be possible only by assassinating Yaseer and Arafat.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	The world is watching how after these two leaders Palestinians second by second scattering	The world is watching ,  how Palestinians started scattering,  after these two leaders were eliminated.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	and how Jews second by second strengthening their positions	and how every second, Jews strengthen their position.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	In 1974 a Pakistani Prime Minister was of such an International trust that first time in history he united all the Muslim leaders under one roof with 100 percent attendance.	In 1974, a Pakistani Prime Minister was such an internationally trusted Muslim representative, that first time in the history he united all the Muslim leaders under one roof without exception.
A14HQNH7COGDK2	but by eliminating the differences between other Muslims will accomplish its (establishment of Islamic Common Wealth) incomplete mission.	By eliminating the differences among  Muslims, it will complete its mission of establishing an Islamic Commonwealth.
A14HQNH7COGDK2	This is the Jin which has grabbed the Palestine by half a century.	This is the Demon which has tormented Palestine for half a century.
A14HQNH7COGDK2	This Jin has many mouths.	This Demon has many mouths.
A14HQNH7COGDK2	Many times this Jin converts the attention and pressure of the World by calling bad names to himeself from his own or from any other mouth.	Many times this Demon attracts the attention and pressure of the World by deserving bad names from his own or from any other mouth.
A14HQNH7COGDK2	And other mouth of this Jin is eating humen beings in Iraq&#44;Afghanistan&#44;Iran and in Pakistan.	Meanwhile the other mouths of this Demon are eating human beings in Iraq, Afghanistan,Iran, and in Pakistan.
A14HQNH7COGDK2	And this Jin is the most anoid with Islam than any other&#44;because it knows that whenever it had turned out&#44;it would have been only and only by Islam&#44; Muslims&#44; and complete faith of Muslims and by practical Islam.The history tells that Islam has taken many people like Abu- Jehal on the right path.	And this Demon is more annoyed with Islam than with any other, because it knows that whenever it is evicted,it will have been only by Islam, Muslims, the complete faith of Muslims, and by practical Islam. History shows that Islam has taken many people like Abu- Jehal on the right path.
A14HQNH7COGDK2	Israel With air attack bombarded on Gaza and also attacked missiles since 27th December	Israel has been bombarding Gaza with air attacks and missiles since the 27th of December.
A14HQNH7COGDK2	Due to these attacks more than 300 Palestinian civilians are dead	Due to these attacks more than 300 Palestinian civilians are dead.
A14HQNH7COGDK2	After air attacks now Israeli tanks and with other military vehicles of land inspection have reached the border of Gaza	Since the air attacks, Israeli tanks and other land-invading military vehicles have reached the border of Gaza.
AONMRAHT4MOTN	Hence Israeli officials have said that they would continue this inspection until they are confident about Israel not targeted by rocket attacks	Hence Israeli officials have said that they would continue this inspection until they are confident Israel is not targeted by rocket attacks
AONMRAHT4MOTN	In your opinion is this right for Israel to say about this inspection is to protect Israel?	In your opinion is it right for Israel to say this inspection is to protect Israel?
AONMRAHT4MOTN	In this situation is the world organization playing its role?	In this situation is the world organization playing its role?
AONMRAHT4MOTN	Is this situations due to uprising situations in Israel?	Is this situations due to the uprisings in Israel?
AONMRAHT4MOTN	Is America after having the new President Bari Obama will there be any good in conditions in west?	Is America, after having the new President Barack Obama will there be any good in conditions in west?
AONMRAHT4MOTN	(Respective please note that the words typed in Urdu will be reviewed	(Please note that the words typed in Urdu will be reviewed.)
AONMRAHT4MOTN	for this in onscreen board press alt+shft and select Urdu?	For this in onscreen board press alt+shft and select Urdu?
AONMRAHT4MOTN	Palestine is a holy place for us and its defence is our duty	Palestine is a holy place for us, and its defense is our duty.
AONMRAHT4MOTN	And we should also remain that Palestine is our first place of worship	We should also remember that Palestine is our first place of worship.
AO86WZ7I0VQZC	The dark and tough night is very hard suffer	The dark and tough night is very hard suffer.
AO86WZ7I0VQZC	Problem can not be solved just by prayers	Problem can not be solved just by prayers.
AO86WZ7I0VQZC	Such reviews are anxiously telecasted by BBC.	Such reviews are anxiously telecasted by BBC.
AO86WZ7I0VQZC	After all the image and prestige of neutralism has to be kept.	After all, the image and prestige of neutralism has to be kept.
AO86WZ7I0VQZC	Though BBC news are often true but the real thing is the delivery.	Though BBC news are often true but the real thing is the delivery.
AO86WZ7I0VQZC	What to highlight and which news is given less importance.	What to highlight and which news is given less importance.
AO86WZ7I0VQZC	etc. etc.	etc. etc.
AO86WZ7I0VQZC	Zaheer Chughtai	Zaheer Chughtai
AO86WZ7I0VQZC	Now In this regard our Pakistani print and electronic media&#44; specially few Urdu newspapers and columnists etc. are not behind in the trade who in the coverage or writing of increasing terrorism exaggerate to hell.	Now In this regard our Pakistani print and electronic media, specially few Urdu newspapers and columnists etc., are not behind in the trade who in the coverage or writing of increasing terrorism exaggerate to hell.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	The Muslim is huddled cruelty so that if people like امريکہ Supported the Jews&#44; to clean of God&#44; said that This nation of ذليل of the nation and his life will be the nation perfectly normal If you can not plaintiff life if courage to امريکہ is behind the و backing and ديکھنا then that took place&#44; and the زندگى-	The Muslim is huddled cruelty so that if people like امريکہ Supported the Jews, to clean of God, said that This nation of ذليل of the nation and his life will be the nation perfectly normal If you can not plaintiff life if courage to امريکہ is behind the و backing and ديکھنا then that took place, and the زندگى-
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	All these world renowned leaders and people who murder innocents in the name of peace should realize that peace in the world can only be achieved by justice&#44; and not through injustice or wiping entire races.	All these world renowned leaders and people who murder innocents in the name of peace should realize that peace in the world can only be achieved by justice, and not through injustice or wiping out entire races.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	If killing a particular race off completely is the answer&#44; then Hitler&#39;s plan would not have seen any jews survive&#44; and definitely not seen their rise.	If killing a particular race off completely is the answer, then Hitler's plan would not have seen any Jews survive, and definitely not seen them rise again.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Says a poet	Says a poet.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Injustice is injustice. If it breeds&#44; it dies.	Injustice is injustice. If it breeds, it dies.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Blood is blood. If it bleeds&#44; it dries.	Blood is blood. If it bleeds, it dies.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	How can anyone define terrorism?	How can anyone define terrorism?
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Isn&#39;t all this terrorism too? Why does only ones pain seem painful?	Isn't all this terrorism too?  Why does only one side's pain seem painful?
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Aren&#39;t other people human too? So why is only Muslim blood so important? Wasn&#39;t all the innocent people&#39;s blood red too?	Aren't other people human too?  So why is only Muslim blood so important?  Wasn't all the innocent people's blood red too?
A2J85193G537VY	I watched the Mumbai attacks investigations like the fire was in my own home. I cannot watch this human suffering. Can&#39;t everyone else see this suffering? I wish Muslims all over could come together and think about this.	I watched the Mumbai attacks investigations like the fire was in my own home. I cannot watch this human suffering. Can't everyone else see this suffering? I wish Muslims all over could come together and think about this.
A2J85193G537VY	Bodies on load without anyone to see wounded and blooded innocent faces how does not get words to describe	One cannot describe the bodies, the wounded and the bloodied innocent faces.
A2J85193G537VY	it is pity on the position of Muslims at one side if people are killed in India then the whole without evidence tells Pakistan to investigate or else we would do it	It is pity on the position of Muslims on one side if people are killed in India. No evidence tells Pakistan to investigate or else we would do it
A2J85193G537VY	And other side Israel wants to end Muslims and world is quiet this is unacceptable	And the another side, Israel wants to eliminate Muslims and the world is being quiet about this, which is unacceptable.
A2J85193G537VY	God has light not darkness and when this darkness ends then.	God has light, not darkness. And when this darkness ends ...
A2J85193G537VY	The threat to Israeli sovereignty is a joke as long as it has America&#39;s backing.	The threat to Israeli sovereignty is a joke as long as it has America's backing.
A2J85193G537VY	As far as elections are concerned&#44; it is not surprising that the people who are in power do such things to win the heart and mind of people especially in a state like Israel. And speaking of Barak Obama&#44; history shows that no American president has wavered from the policy and will not do so in future. A tyrant is a tyrant whether he is white or black.	As far as elections are concerned, it is not surprising that the people who are in power do such things to win the heart and mind of people, especially in a state like Israel. And speaking of Barak Obama, history shows that no American president has wavered from the policy and will not do so in future. A tyrant is a tyrant whether he is white or black.
A2J85193G537VY	It appears from the conversation of forum that everyone is grieved over Benazir death but as politician her mistakes are not forgotten.	It appears from the conversation of the forum that everyone is grieved over Benazir's death, but as a politician her mistakes are not forgotten.
A2J85193G537VY	It is debatable that Benazir died for democracy or for power.	It is debatable that Benazir died for democracy or for power.
A3MQ8JWI317M6M	Benazir did not return Pakistan when dictatorship affected people needed her she returned Pakistan when she has the assurances of free from cases and of power.	Benazir did not return Pakistan when dictatorship affected people needed her she returned Pakistan when she has the assurances of free from cases and of power.
A3MQ8JWI317M6M	No one is going to say anything about the way that this historical figure is being falsely accused.	No one is going to say anything about the way that this historical figure is being falsely accused.
A3MQ8JWI317M6M	Sana Khan.	Sana Khan.
A3MQ8JWI317M6M	Some things are ignored because nothing can be done about them.	Some things are ignored because nothing can be done about them.
A3MQ8JWI317M6M	One more writer.	One more writer.
A3MQ8JWI317M6M	Sir/Madam&#44; maybe if you read not only the history of Pakistan&#44; but of it&#39;s neighboring four countries&#44; or of seven other countries&#44; then you might understand the meaning of Mr. Psycho.	Sir/Madam, maybe if you read not only the history of Pakistan, but of its neighboring four countries or of seven other countries, then you might understand the meaning of Mr. Psycho.
A3MQ8JWI317M6M	Tariq Abbas	Tariq Abbas
A3MQ8JWI317M6M	One whose nature is wrong cannot be taught.	One whose nature is wrong cannot be taught.
A3MQ8JWI317M6M	For reflection in water is not always clear.	For reflection in water is not always clear.
A2F69LKQ5JCVDG	Psycho.	Psycho.
A2F69LKQ5JCVDG	So relentless is our nation&#44; that they are blind when writing poetry for their parties&#44; but no one says anything when our historical figures are battered and falsely accused.	So relentless is our nation that they are blind while writing poetry for their parties, but no one says anything when our historical figures are battered and falsely accused.
A2F69LKQ5JCVDG	We have progressed enough.	We have progressed enough.
A2F69LKQ5JCVDG	Sana Khan.	Sana Khan.
A2F69LKQ5JCVDG	Some things are ignored because nothing can be done about them. Just like a donkey doesn&#39;t become a scholar if you put books on him.	Some things are ignored because nothing can be done about them. Just like a donkey doesn't become a scholar if you put books on him.
A2F69LKQ5JCVDG	Though the attack in Mumbai diturbed the talks between India and Pakistan&#44; it is said that the talks would still continue between them	Though the attack in Mumbai disturbed the talks between India and Pakistan, it is said that the talks will still continue between them
A2F69LKQ5JCVDG	If the talk is about war&#44; then there will be many loss of human lives.	If the talk is about war, then there will be many loss of human lives.
A2F69LKQ5JCVDG	During the Mumbai city attack&#44; India said that a letter had been sent by Pakistan. Also&#44; when extremists were captured&#44; it was found that the this attack was well engineered by four party	During the Mumbai city attack, India said that a letter had been sent by Pakistan. Also, when extremists were captured, it was found that the this attack was well engineered by four party
A2F69LKQ5JCVDG	First of all Bahan Saheb and to all Christian friends happy Christmas.	First of all Bahan Saheb and to all Christian friends, Happy Christmas.
A1VFTLON458BJK	We all don&#39;t need fire of war but flowers of peace!	We do not need the violence of war but seek the bautiful and flower-like scent of peace!
A1VFTLON458BJK	War itself is a problem	War itself is a problem
War will always lead to more problems
A1VFTLON458BJK	Do war gives solutions for problems	Do war gives solutions for problems
Does war ever provide a solution for a problem?
A1VFTLON458BJK	Fir and blood will today be forgiven	Fir and blood will today be forgiven
Today we will forgive the violence and bloodshed.
A1VFTLON458BJK	Hungry and despair will be given tomorrow	Hungry and despair will be given tomorrow
Hunger and despair will not be present tomorrow.
A1VFTLON458BJK	Because we are all humans	Because we are all humans
Even if we disagree, we are all human beings.
A1VFTLON458BJK	its better if wars postphones	its better if wars postphones
It is always better not to turn to war as a first solution.
A1VFTLON458BJK	In your and our gardens	In your and our gardens
In the homeland of Americans and Indians
A1VFTLON458BJK	its better if lamp glows	its better if lamp glows
it is better if the light of peace shines.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	This is also the history of America.	This is also the history of America.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Though in case of an attack by India&#44; America will achieve her goals and the expenditure will all be that of India.	If India attacks, America achieves her goals while India incurs all of the costs.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Pakistan should clearly state that they will not take the initiative but if any aggression is waged&#44; then the talk of peace and ceasefire will only take place either after India’s complete destruction or its capture&#44; even if this happens at the cost of their lives.	Pakistan should make it clear that it will not initiate hostilities.  However, if Pakistan is attackerd, then it will stop at nothing less than the conquest or destruction of India, no matter how much it costs.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	This is exactly what Islamic history is.	This is exactly what Islamic history is.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Before this resolution Pakistani people and army has delivered their message.	The Pakistani people and army have made their position very clear.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Indian struggle for having unusual diplomatic and military benefits in compensation of Mumbai attacks are proving her cunning party then affected. Therefore the world has reduced its pressure on Pakistan contrasting to its initial hard reaction.	The Indians have been too clever by half in pursuing diplomatic advantage from the attacks in Mumbai. As a result, pressure on Pakistan has decreased after the shock has worn off.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	UN has expressed faith on Pakistani efforts ignoring the unnecessary lamentation of India and Interpol&#39;s appreciation of Pakistani efforts is the &#39;side effect&#39; of unwanted Indian diplomacy.	As a side effect of the Indians' unwanted diplomatic efforts, the UN has stated that Pakistan is negotiating and working in good faith, in contrast to Indian complaints.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Translation of the first sentence goes here.	Translation of the first sentence goes here.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Translation of the second sentence goes here.	Translation of the second sentence goes here.
A3TH8YZRZB3QX0	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 991	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 991
A3TH8YZRZB3QX0	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 992	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 992
A3TH8YZRZB3QX0	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 993	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 993
A3TH8YZRZB3QX0	The day is not far when in UN resolution of Army intrusion in Pakistan will be approved just like the one against Jamat Aldawa.	It won't be long before the UN passes a resolution to allow military intrusion into Pakistan, just like they did against Jamat Aldawa.
A3TH8YZRZB3QX0	Riaz Ahmed Farooqi	Riaz Ahmed Farooqi
A3TH8YZRZB3QX0	First our extremists and their supporters are continuously providing proves and reasons for the action against them and God forbid&#44; the day when such a resolution is submitted then it is very much possible that no body will favor us in UN&#44;	Extremists and their supporters are continuously providing reasons for the actions taken against them. When such a resolution is submitted, it will be likely that no one will favor us in the UN.
A3TH8YZRZB3QX0	and suppose if this resolution took time to approve then considering the example of America any country will launch the attack at her own.	If the resolution takes too long to approve, it is possible other countries may act on their own, following America's example.
A3TH8YZRZB3QX0	The Israeli army samiullah adverse&#44; and we achievements and not the information sargarmiya.	The Israeli army samiullah adverse, and we achievements and not the information sargarmiya.
A3TH8YZRZB3QX0	A few minutes later he was not revolutionary.	A few minutes later he was not revolutionary.
A1RHJJ60P0JWI3	Die and he has also been.	Die and he has also been.
A1RHJJ60P0JWI3	But they were playing international game here and&#44; is being boorishness and brutality&#44; people scared of the rule.	But they were playing international game here and, is being boorishness and brutality, people scared of the rule.
A1RHJJ60P0JWI3	There are so that she could be having that if we are not be spokesman ferocious and come to destroy the government .	There are so that she could be having that if we are not be spokesman ferocious and come to destroy the government .
A1RHJJ60P0JWI3	calling an islamic religion as an endless religion is condemnable action.	Calling Islam an endless religion is a condemnable action.
A1RHJJ60P0JWI3	The extremists gives support to the cruelty of united stated. But this looks like a brutal action against the tribal tradition.	The extremists give support to the cruelty of the United States. But this looks like a brutal action against the tribal tradition.
A1RHJJ60P0JWI3	The tradition of the Mantel Lucrative tribals have said not to take brutal action in the name of Islam	The tradition of the Mantel Lucrative tribals is not to take brutal action in the name of Islam
A1RHJJ60P0JWI3	In my opinion our army&#44; people will get the people.	In my opinion our army, people will get the people.
A1RHJJ60P0JWI3	They are the move&#44; a copy of this time&#44; so take the laser&#44; the timetable for&#44; so&#44; but they will be on the occasion&#44; and they go there&#44; there are also have the darn cycle.	They are the move, a copy of this time, so take the laser, the timetable for, so, but they will be on the occasion, and they go there, there are also have the darn cycle.
A1RHJJ60P0JWI3	Are these people that they are so Bahadur 50 70 men are held hostage to our army and hand it to respond to keep the hand of spectators&#44; questionably.	Are these people that they are so Bahadur 50 70 men are held hostage to our army and hand it to respond to keep the hand of spectators, questionably.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	It is clear that the pulse&#44; some.	It is clear that there is some pulse.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	ملائيت ضياءالحق his career&#44; is now that you&#39;re امريت to God&#44; the qualities of rahimi and karimi to highlight the contrary to the and the name of the religion of the ودہشت fear the atmosphere is set up in this incident&#44; the body apart from their and &#39; &#39;after&#39; will be severe also fear giving birth to.	ملائيت ضياءالحق his career, is now that you're امريت to God, the qualities of rahimi and karimi to highlight the contrary to the and the name of the religion of the ودہشت fear the atmosphere is set up in this incident, the body apart from their and ' 'after' will be severe also fear giving birth to.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	And this is just worldy people tiny amount and dignity and Jalal his intention to as fear or beign used by the equipment.	And this is just worldy people tiny amount and dignity and Jalal his intention to as fear or beign used by the equipment.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	speech!!!	speech!!!
A1MMSHJHU659AT	you make the people scared from the Fire of the hell.	You make people fear the Hell's fire.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	The case has become his fear&#39;	The case has become his fear.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	It is his son when it is said that this is a work of Muslims can not.	It's his son who has said that this cannot be a work of Muslims.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	We enables it to the eye or are not a senator	We enables it to the eye or are not a senator
A1MMSHJHU659AT	After the prophet refused to educationist بيعت closed the doors of the Prophet daughter of the volcano in what and her husband to put the rope who was walked to گھسيٹ?	After the prophet refused to educationist بيعت closed the doors of the Prophet daughter of the volcano in what and her husband to put the rope who was walked to گھسيٹ?
A1I3BUQ2A7W9ZL	The army&#39;s pilgrimage to the enemy and what Karbala and what the axle?	The army's pilgrimage to the enemy and what Karbala and what the axle?
A1I3BUQ2A7W9ZL	Without the facts and accept are unsafe&#44; not a check.	Without the facts and accept are unsafe, not a check.
A1I3BUQ2A7W9ZL	BBC people please stop double policies	BBC people please stop double policies
A1I3BUQ2A7W9ZL	Instead of this topic there is better superhit topic: Bush beaten by shoes is legal or illegal?	The best topic to be talked about would be 'Bush being beaten with shoes, legal or illegal?'.
A1I3BUQ2A7W9ZL	Should had be	Should had be
A1I3BUQ2A7W9ZL	Tahar Chaudry Japan	Tahar Chaudry Japan
A1I3BUQ2A7W9ZL	Friend Feel shy about a person removed from a coffin and tied to a poll just for raising his voice against injustice but have more considerations for box office reviews.	Friend Feel shy about a person removed from a coffin and tied to a poll just for raising his voice against injustice but have more considerations for box office reviews.
A1I3BUQ2A7W9ZL	For the success of Operation Sherdil and across the border the success of Operation Lion Heart depends on the favor of people.	For the success of Operation Sherdil and across the border the success of Operation Lion Heart depends on the favor of people.
A1I3BUQ2A7W9ZL	It is carried out by American and Pakistani agencies and Peer Sahib is a victim of conspiracy.	Peer Sahib is a victim of conspiracy carried out by American and Pakistani agencies.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	what i only want to ask is when the body was hanging for a whole day what were the army doing were they there to only target civilians all they give their speeches is due to bombing Taliban tanks&#44; there fell a bomb on house resulting death of two children and mother.	what i only want to ask is when the body was hanging for a whole day what were the army doing were they there to only target civilians all they give their speeches is due to bombing Taliban tanks, there fell a bomb on house resulting death of two children and mother.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	whether they dint know about this situation.	Whether they didn't know about this situation.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	Or else having fun.	Or else having fun.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	we fold our hands and request you to please end this game.	We fold our hands and request that you please end this game.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	atlast above you also there is a master.	At last, there is a master above you too.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	The BBC&#44; was asked the question is not enough to write to see the superficialness regret&#44; for example&#44; a question did not present in the Swat 30 thousand army has been to what?	The BBC, was asked the question is not enough to write to see the superficialness regret, for example, a question did not present in the Swat 30 thousand army has been to what?
A1MMSHJHU659AT	The Taliban of army fight the dead bodies are all day bleeding on electric poles there.	The Taliban of army fight the dead bodies are all day bleeding on electric poles there.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	The Green sawati step&#44; the Pakistani army has 100&#44; media&#44; including the BBC&#44; the real world and the reality&#44; is not a good ignoramus.	The Green sawati step, the Pakistani army has 100, media, including the BBC, the real world and the reality, is not a good ignoramus.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	The Pakistani army drama.	The Pakistani army drama.
A3VH1YUKHIJ6JL	Only thing bus to drama.	Only thing bus to drama.
A3VH1YUKHIJ6JL	These Taliban&#39;s have spoilt the name of Muslims	The Taliban has spoiled the good name of Muslims.
A3VH1YUKHIJ6JL	Through out the world if Muslims don&#39;t tell them Muslims then why would terrorists are found in their territories.	Through out the world if Muslims don't tell them Muslims then why would terrorists are found in their territories.
A3VH1YUKHIJ6JL	those who become insensitive and people who don&#39;t want to work hard take guns and join these groups	The terrorist ranks are strengthened by the joining of desensitized people, or by lazy wanderers.
A3VH1YUKHIJ6JL	Islam has not spread from guns and swords.	Islam should not be spread by violence.
A3VH1YUKHIJ6JL	be ashamed	Taliban should be ashamed.
A3VH1YUKHIJ6JL	Its need is neither in any religion nor in any customs.	Its need is neither in any religion nor in any customs.

Islam does not rely on religion or in any other customs.
A3VH1YUKHIJ6JL	All media including BBC gives thier views about taliban and tribal areas by different resources	Mainstream media, such as BBC, puts their own spin on issues related to the Taliban and middle eastern tribal sectors.
A3VH1YUKHIJ6JL	But nobody knows what the actual situation is. It is we who know about it because we are tribals.	We, the Tribals, are the only reliable sources, because we witness actions of the Taliban first hand.
AO86WZ7I0VQZC	Because of this act&#44; head of the Muslims petulance of shame .	Because of this act, head of the Muslims petulance of shame .
AO86WZ7I0VQZC	I salute to M.Q.M leader Iltaf Hussein&#44;A.N.P and to the division of the P.P.P for raising their voices against this cancer&#44;named Taliban.	I salute the M.Q.M leader Iltaf Hussein, A.N.P and to the division of the P.P.P for raising their voices against this cancer,named Taliban.
AO86WZ7I0VQZC	This cancer is creation of Zia-ul-haq&#44;who is gone but he has also destroyed the Pakistan.	This cancer is creation of Ziaulhaq,who is gone but he has also destroyed the Pakistan.
AO86WZ7I0VQZC	But i am hopefull that the present Government will abolish this Cancer.	But i am hopeful that the present Government will abolish this Cancer.
AO86WZ7I0VQZC	Mumbai&#44; India after the attacks said that Pakistan behind these attacks&#44; some of the extremist elements.	Mumbai, India after the attacks, said that Pakistan behind these attacks, some of the extremist elements.
AO86WZ7I0VQZC	Pakistan has denied charges and said that he India in the investigation will provide all possible help.	Pakistan has denied charges and said that India in the investigation will provide all possible help.
AO86WZ7I0VQZC	India has said that Pakistan is a list&#44; in which 20 suspected extremists in the name of the given to India&#44; which are required.	India has said that Pakistan is a list, in which 20 suspected extremists in the name of the given to India, which are required.
AO86WZ7I0VQZC	Pakistan has said that the list of Jaish-e- Mohammad included in the head of Maulana Masood Azhar detainee and about the Pakistan government is not any information.	Pakistan has said that the list of Jaishe Mohammad included in the head of Maulana Masood Azhar detainee and about the Pakistan government is not any information.
AO86WZ7I0VQZC	Before this&#44; Pakistan president Asif Ali Zardari&#44; rejected the impression that the Western intelligence agencies and the Indian government to Pakistan&#44; the Mumbai attacks have been provided evidences.	Before this, Pakistan president Asif Ali Zardari, rejected the impression that the Western intelligence agencies and the Indian government to Pakistan, the Mumbai attacks have been provided evidences.
A1AKLMHYMFGMC2	During the Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has warned that relations between India and not revamped until the soil there to the terrorism used to be.	Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has stated that relations between India and Pakistan cannot be revamped until Pakistan stops their land to be used for terrorism.
A1AKLMHYMFGMC2	Latest progress and in India and Pakistan cricket team has canceled the visit.	Due to the latest progress in India, the Pakistan cricket team has canceled their visit.
A1AKLMHYMFGMC2	The incidents of their political influence on the sports should go?	Their political influence on the sports should stop.
A1AKLMHYMFGMC2	Pakistan and India have the future relations with the India.	Pakistan and India have the future relations with the India.
A1AKLMHYMFGMC2	Pakistan will not be torn apart by America or India.	Pakistan will not be torn apart by America or India.
A1AKLMHYMFGMC2	It will be torn apart by Pakistani themselves.	It will be torn apart by Pakistanis themselves.
A1AKLMHYMFGMC2	What can you expect after so much internal segregation and rivalry?	What can you expect after so much internal segregation and rivalry?
A1AKLMHYMFGMC2	However&#44; Jinnah didn&#39;t do well with the Muslims from India&#44; and time has already proven that.	However, Jinnah didn't do well for the Muslims of India, and time has already proven that.
A1AKLMHYMFGMC2	Yasmin: Chicago.	Yasmin: Chicago.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	It&#39;s our fault that after him&#44; no other leader could stand in his shoes.	It's our fault that after him, no other leader could stand in his shoes.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	But if we can&#39;t appreciate our heroes&#44; then....	But if we can't appreciate our heroes, then....
AMD40D0GC1L4R	This sector does have a lot of abilities.	This sector does have a lot of abilities.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	God knows when they will come to their senses and use the blessing of unity to make some progress.	God knows when they will come to their senses and use the blessing of unity to make some progress.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	Both countries have priests&#44; Shiv sena&#44; RSS etc. that constantly oppose peace.	Both countries have priests, Shiv sena, RSS etc. that constantly oppose peace.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	And these negative forces do not want the sector to make any progress&#44; hence the countries are kept on their toes.	And these negative forces do not want the sector to make any progress, hence the countries are kept on their toes.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	Can you imagine the status of this place in the world for Pakistan&#44; India and China&#44; with just a little bit of unity?	Can you imagine the status of this place in the world for Pakistan, India and China, with just a little bit of unity?
AMD40D0GC1L4R	Pakistan is cursed by God for having robbers and thieves as their appointed leaders.	Pakistan is cursed by God for having robbers and thieves as their appointed leaders.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	May god never affect our country Pakistan.	May God never affect our country Pakistan.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Besides the matters are not correct coming into NWFP Baluchistan and Sindh and the situation in Karachi is in front of you.	Besides, you have misstated the situation in NWFP, Baluchistan and Sindh, and Karachi.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	The winner in her country is spokes person&#44; her ambition is to unite the nations.	The winner in her country is a spokesperson, and her ambition is to unite the nations.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Or&#44; we have mercy on the form.	Or, we take mercy on them.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	I think a last war is the only option.	I think a final war is the only option.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	That&#39;s it&#44; enough is enough.	That's it, enough is enough.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	This situation is &quot;&quot;now or never&quot;&quot;.	This situation is ""now or never"".
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	These false acts of cooperation will not solve the problem.	These false acts of cooperation will not solve the problem.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Nor will small terrorist attacks in each others countries.	Nor will small terrorist attacks in each others' countries.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Afterall&#44; even Europe was founded after the last world war.	Afterall, even Europe found peace after the last world war.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	Almost all of our political parties are agreed on the fact that terrorism and sectarianism should be rooted out of the country.	Almost all our political parties are agreed upon the fact that terrorism and sectarianism should be rooted out of the country.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	But our military leadership does not seem sincere in this regard. On one hand they assure America and Europe that they are with them in this war against terror and on the other hand are covertly aiding the Taliban.	But our military leadership does not seem to be sincere in this regard. On one hand, they assure America and Europe that they are with them in this war against terror and on the other hand, are covertly aiding the Taliban.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	We should now ponder and set our direction and choose one path only. Thanks	We should now ponder, set our direction and choose only one path. Thanks
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	There is no doubt that the majority of the movement league are from the Tayaba Group&#44; who joined the league after the inception of Pakistan.	There is no doubt that the majority of the Movement Leagues are from the Tayaba Group, who joined the Leagues after the inception of Pakistan.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	However&#44; after that&#44; this leagues obstructed aid campaigns&#44; and now on India&#39;s insistence&#44; United Nations has declared them as the enemy and even the Government of Pakistan is cracking down on them.	However, afterwards these League obstructed aid campaigns, and now yielding to India's insistence, United Nations have declared them as the enemy and even the Government of Pakistan is cracking down on them.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	In my opinion&#44; if these Jihadi groups quit this religious fanaticism&#44; and try helping instead&#44; then it would be better for all.	In my opinion, if these Jihadi groups quit their religious fanaticism and try help the people instead, it would be in the best interest of  all.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	The terrorist organizations present in Pakistan are employing professional criminals in the name of Jihad&#44; the mentors of these and the mullahs are the same people who called Pakistan&#44; Paleedistan and what not from time to time.	The terrorist organizations operating in Pakistan are employing professional criminals in the name of Jihad.  Their mentors  and the mullahs are the same people who called Pakistan, Paleedistan and what not from time to time.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	They are not letting any stone unturned in the destruction of Pakistan.	They are not letting any stone unturned in the way to destruction of Pakistan.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	They do not deserve to be called humans let alone muslims.	They do not deserve to be called humans;  let alone muslims.
A33M29K8ZITB47	Is there still room for consideration whether these scoundrels should be banned?	Is there still room to consider whether these scoundrels should be banned?
A33M29K8ZITB47	There is no place in this world for extremist mullahs whose only purpose is to kill.	There is no place in this world for extremist mullahs whose only purpose is to kill.
A33M29K8ZITB47	Heart is breaking into pieces on this news.	Hearts are breaking into pieces over this news.
A33M29K8ZITB47	What world is this where it is hard to survive for the one who names an important part of Allah&#39;s religion Islam.	What kind of world is this where one cannot survive as an important part of Allah's religion Islam.
A33M29K8ZITB47	Non Muslims can kill Muslim&#44; but if Muslim even tries to take revenge then along with the whole non Muslim world our hypocrite leaders also treat the ones sincere with true and sincere religion like they are treating our great leader Hafiz Saeed now a days.	Non Muslims can kill Muslims, but if a Muslim even tries to take revenge, along with the whole non Muslim world, our hypocrite leaders  treat those with true and sincere religion just like they are treating our great leader Hafiz Saeed now a days.
A33M29K8ZITB47	As a penalty of Mumbai attacks India.	As a penalty of Mumbai attacks India.
A33M29K8ZITB47	Pakistan relations are affected&#44; and the recent improvement of relations between two countries is enormously shocked.	Pakistani relations are affected, and the recent improvement in relations between the two countries are stopped.
A33M29K8ZITB47	India has been continually blaming active armed and unarmed groups in Pakistan	India continually blames active armed and unarmed groups in Pakistan
A33M29K8ZITB47	and is linking the establishment of normal relations with the action against these groups.	and is linking the establishment of normal relations with the actions against these groups.
A1RHJJ60P0JWI3	&#44; in this regard Jamat Adawa has also been nominated.	Jamat Adawa has also been nominated.
A1RHJJ60P0JWI3	It is not the first time that because of any terrorist attack the relation of these two countries are worsen.	It is not the first time that because of a terrorist attack, the relationship between these two countries is worsened.
A1RHJJ60P0JWI3	In December 2000 after the attacks on Indian Parliament both countries were at the brink of war.	In December 2000, after the attacks on Indian Parliament, both countries were on the brink of war.
A1RHJJ60P0JWI3	After that&#44; in 2002 Lashkr e Taiba was banned and was included in terrorists list.	After that, in 2002 Lashkar-e-Taiba was banned and included on the terrorist list.
A1RHJJ60P0JWI3	Now Jamat Adawa&#44; to whom security analysts is a fresh disguise of Lashkr e Taiba&#44; is demanded to be banned.	Now Jamat Adawa, to whom security analysts is a fresh disguise of Lashka-e-Taiba, is demanded to be banned.
A1RHJJ60P0JWI3	What do you think&#44; should this group be banned or not?	What do you think, should this group be banned or not?
A1RHJJ60P0JWI3	Should Pakistan take decisive action against active extremist groups on her soil?	Should Pakistan take decisive action against active extremist groups on her soil?
A1RHJJ60P0JWI3	Can by banning Jamat Adawa present India&#44;	Can by banning Jamat Adawa present India,
A1RHJJ60P0JWI3	Pakistan crisis will vanish and to what extent it is vital to ban armed groups for establishing forever peace between the two countries.	Pakistan crisis will vanish and to what extent it is vital to ban armed groups for establishing forever peace between the two countries.
A29VL1U4I9F3PD	What the Security Council against Muslims endorses such activity is not showned?	Why does The Security Council Against Muslims endorse such activity?
A29VL1U4I9F3PD	To say that the plaintiff slow are witness mercurial!	To say that the plaintiff has a mercurial attitude is an understatement!
A29VL1U4I9F3PD	India&#44; itself has become a failed government!	India's own government has become a failed government!
A29VL1U4I9F3PD	The army&#44; intelligence and other security institutions have failed&#44; the terrorists who hands may carry 72 hours of the Defense Department was Round and its failure of India accused Pakistan of put and the entire world.	The army, intelligence, and other security institutions have failed. The terrorists, who hands may carry 72 hours worth of the Defense Department's information, was heard around the world. India's failure was blamed on the pakistinians.
A29VL1U4I9F3PD	A pagan killed the should be a noise around the world are bandaged. this song huddled?	A pagan killed the should be a noise around the world are bandaged. this song huddled?
A29VL1U4I9F3PD	Countries only religious and non-political&#44; Welfare Organization.	Countries that care about our welfare are the religious, non-political ones.
A29VL1U4I9F3PD	Furqan Farooq&#44; Faisalabad	Furqan Farooq, Faisalabad
A29VL1U4I9F3PD	Our prophet (directives for)&#44; scholars and all the saints love the people and gave respect to them&#44; Islam remains a peaceful religion.	Our prophet (directives for), scholars and all the saints love the people and gave respect to them, Islam remains a peaceful religion.
A29VL1U4I9F3PD	The Muslims have also progressed on war grounds.	The Muslims have also progressed on war grounds.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	The passion is to be saluted. ut try your riches in the action	Try your luck!  We salute your passion.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	This do not come during the falling	This doesn't happen during the fall.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	If this irritates&#44; India should give the proofs	If this irritates India, then India should show the evidence.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Isn&#39;t the river tame not grouped	Isn't the river tame, not wild?
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	All of us who are accused should put on the river tame	All of us who are accused should be on our best behavior.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Does this banning of groupism apply for people in India who are extremist and other organisations?	Does this banning of groups apply for people in India who are in extremist and other violent organisations?
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	The entire world is of terrorists	The entire world has terrorists.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	What about in India?	What about in India?
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	What is Israel?	What is Israel?
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Pakistan is now in it&#39;s last stages.	Pakistan is now in its last stages.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Kamran Hassan: Abu Dhabi	Kamran Hassan: Abu Dhabi.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Your words touch the heart&#44; and the situation seems so.	Your words touch the heart, and the situation seems so bad.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Now in American publications&#44; the new map of Pakistan is being printed&#44; and all these restrictions are now apparent in the series of events.	Now in American publications, new maps of Pakistan are being printed, and all these restrictions are now apparent in the series of events.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	The Americans are not slowly but quickly strengthening their control over Pakistan.	The Americans are not slowly but quickly strengthening their control over Pakistan.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	In this situation&#44; if we do not stand together and show our unity&#44; then remember&#44; if Bangladesh can be made&#44; then anything can happen.	In this situation, we must stand together and show our unity.  If Bangladesh can become independent, then anything can happen.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Terrorist attacks should be condemned to the maximum&#44; whether they are on the Mumbai Hotel or the Marriot Hotel in Islamabad or in Palestine.	Terrorist attacks should be condemned to the maximum, whether they are on the Mumbai Hotel or the Marriott Hotel in Islamabad or in Palestine.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Similarly&#44; terrorists should be hunted down irrespective of their nationality and whether they are Pakistani&#44; Indian&#44; American or Israeli.	Similarly, terrorists should be hunted down irrespective of their nationality and whether they are Pakistani, Indian, American or Israeli.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Now the question is that every day terrorist attacks take place in Pakistan&#44; hundreds of people die but the Pakistani officials along with the rest of the world stay silent.	Now every day, terrorist attacks take place in Pakistan, and hundreds of people die, but the Pakistani officials along with the rest of the world stay silent.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	Then why...?	Then why?
A1MMSHJHU659AT	Appreciation for Interior Advisor Rehman Malik&#44; Masha Allah he has become very brave!	Appreciation for Interior Advisor Rehman Malik, Masha Allah he has become very brave!
A1MMSHJHU659AT	According to BBC on one hand (a committee of) Security Council of UN has banned Jamat Aldawa&#44; on the other hand Mr. Malik says we didn&#39;t impose the ban and if it is to be done will be after through research.	According to BBC, on one hand Security Council of UN has banned the Jamat Aldawa. On the other, Mr. Malik says they didn't impose the ban and if it is to be done, it will be after a thorough research.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	Not this&#44; according to BBC Mr.Malik has strongly denied the impression that arrest of terrorists are taking place because of &#39;someone&#39;s instructions&#39;	According to BBC, Mr. Malik has strongly denied that the arrest of terrorists is taking place because of "someone's instructions."
A1MMSHJHU659AT	Highly appreciated!	Much appreciated!
A1MMSHJHU659AT	Keeping Talents or not keeping talents why would not be it said.	Keeping Talents or not keeping talents why would not be it said.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	We Palestinians are fighting a war for this.	We Palestinians are fighting for this war.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	And also its our policies we try to save them.	And also, we are trying to save our policies.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	No one has the right to interfere in any countries affairs.	No one has the right to interfere in any country's affairs.
A3KGFVVJYOR2NL	If people has right view of justice or strengthens on independence respect southern institutions and not help any captain or soldier they there will be definitely peace in Pakistan which is not liked by politicians.	If people have right view of justice and independence, respect government institutions and not help any captain or soldier, then there will definitely be peace in Pakistan, which is not liked by its politicians.
A3KGFVVJYOR2NL	Pakistan is always following European and American purposes.	But Pakistan is always following European and American purposes.
A3KGFVVJYOR2NL	This goes on without the approval of many of its citizens.	This goes on without the approval of many of its citizens,
A3KGFVVJYOR2NL	And it invokes hostile sentiments.	thus invoking hostile sentiments.
A3KGFVVJYOR2NL	If you believe in the United States of America&#44; then why not just give up your place and leave honorably?	If the administrators believe in the United States of America, then why not just give up their places and leave honorably?
A3KGFVVJYOR2NL	Pakistan has the ability to be armed or unarmed.	Pakistan military is armed and dangerous.
A3KGFVVJYOR2NL	Security forces raid an alleged camp of banned Lashkr e Taiba in Pakistan administered Kashmir.	Security forces raided an alleged camp of banned Lashkar-e-Taiba in Pakistan administered Kashmir.
A3KGFVVJYOR2NL	Pressure is being increased on Pakistan for taking rapid action against extremist organizations after Mumbai attacks.	Pressure is being increased on Pakistan for taking rapid action against extremist organizations after Mumbai attacks.
A3KGFVVJYOR2NL	India blames Lashkr e Taiba for Mumbai attacks.	India blames Lashkar-e-Taiba for Mumbai attacks.
A1UW8X9V1S5A2Y	She says that no doubt the extremists responsible for Mumbai attacks used Pakistani soil.	She says that the extremists responsible for the attacks in Mumbai undoubtedly used Pakistan as a base.
A1UW8X9V1S5A2Y	During this Peshawar Government says that unknown armed persons has set another truck stand for supply of goods to Allied Forces deployed in Afghanistan on fire&#44; due to which more then fifty vehicles are destroyed.	During this, the Peshawar Government says that unknown armed persons set another convoy of goods for Allied Forces deployed in Afghanistan on fire, destroying more than 50 vehicles.
A1UW8X9V1S5A2Y	It is the second attack on Neto and American supplies during 48 hours in Peshawar.	It is the second attack on Nato and American supplies in Peshawar in 48 hours.
A1UW8X9V1S5A2Y	During this Pakistan raid an alleged camp of banned Lashkr e Taiba and before this struggles has been made to unarm the armed groups from Karachi to Tribal areas including rewards on returning of the weapons and assurance of taking no action.	Attempts made prior to the raid to disarm the  groups of Laskkr e Taiba from Karachi to the Tribal areas were unsuccessful despite offers of rewards for surrendering weapons and promises of immunity.
A1UW8X9V1S5A2Y	It is revealed that during the reign of General Zia ul Huq because of the invasion of the ex USSR in Afghanistan and its resistance started by the American and Saudi funding resulted in the birth of armed groups of which Pakistan unable to terminated could not get back herself to the era before 1980s.	It is revealed that during the reign of General Zia ul Huq because of the invasion of the ex USSR in Afghanistan and its resistance started by the American and Saudi funding resulted in the birth of armed groups of which Pakistan unable to terminated could not get back herself to the era before 1980s.
A1UW8X9V1S5A2Y	The question is does Pakistan want to do it?	The question is, does Pakistan want to do it?
A1UW8X9V1S5A2Y	Is Pakistan capable of doing this?	Is Pakistan capable of doing this?
A1UW8X9V1S5A2Y	What do you think?	What do you think?
A1UW8X9V1S5A2Y	For details click here	For details click here.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	For this press alt+shift and select Urdu on onscreen keyboard)	To do this, press alt+shift and select Urdu on the screen.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	I have got a single question from all of the human right champions.	I have received just one question from human rights groups.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	It is impossible for them to stand infront of you with neclaces if you kill their childeren.	They will not reward you if you kill their childeren.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 1184	NO TRANSLATION FOUND ON 1184
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	And now I do have a question for you that if there is any logic&#44;statement or philosphy from the Islamic studies to Eastern and Western studies that permit killing innocent people including Nimazi(prayer offerer Muslim)&#44;labourer and job oriented poor workers in revenge of the American attacks?	And now I do have a question for you:  Does anything in Islamic, Eastern, or Western philosophy permit killing innocent people including Nimazi (faithful Muslims), workers, and the poor as revenge for American attacks?
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	And if NO&#44;then you need hard to rectify your point of view.	If not, then you need to clarify your point of view.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Peoples were armed at that time it was feared that after Afghanistan&#44; Russia will attack Pakistan so people were armed.	People in Pakistan were armed because it was feared that Russia would conquer Afghanistan, and Pakistan would be next.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Now when there is the danger of American attack via Afghanistan of which current American President clearly expressed in his presidential campaign then why should we disarm these people?	Now when the current American President clearly stated that he might attack Pakistan during his presidential campaign, then why should we disarm these people?
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Only for this that after defeating Pakistani Army America or India may not face any public resistance?	If they defeat the Pakistani Army, America or India do not expect to face any public resistance.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	But there it is sad government favoring lashkare tayyiba proving indian words true has made pakistan bad.	But then it is sad that the Government is favoring Lashkar-e- Taiba, proving Indian words true.  This has made Pakistan look bad.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	Najeeb ur rehman seiko&#44; *Lahore* [P@KI$T@N]	Najeeb ur rehman seiko, *Lahore* [P@KI$T@N]
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	if it is believed that lashkare tayyiba is bad then also it is not right to blame Pakistan government.	If it is believed that Lashkar-e- Taiba is bad, then also it is not proper to blame Pakistan government.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	One more question is this that this terrorists has not received any help from a government or non- government Indian.	One more question is that these terrorists have not received any help from either an Indian or Indian Government.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	Are terrorists are only born and bought up in Pakistan and don&#39;t they come from India or around the world?	Is it that terrorists are born and brought up only in Pakistan and they don't come from India or any other part of the world?
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	As for as Lashkr e Taiba is concerned ongoing terrorism is not linked to it.	As far as Lashkr-e-Taiba is concerned, the ongoing terrorism is not linked to it.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	It must be recalled that Hafiz Saeed was the first &#39;Militant Leader&#39; who declared activities of Taliban &#39;revolt&#39;.	It must be recalled that Hafiz Sayeed was the first 'Militant Leader' who declared activities of Taliban as 'revolt'.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	I am quite sure that Taliban agitation is a vital part of American plans so every person or organization must be eliminated who challenges Taliban in any aspect.	I am quite sure that Taliban agitation is a vital part of American plans. Every person or organization who challenges Taliban in any aspect, must be eliminated.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	Despite the cooperation of the whole nation action against Lashkr due to the pressure of India indicates the nervousness and flatterness of Zardari and Co.	Despite the cooperation of the whole nation, Pakistan Government's  action against Lashkar-e-Taiba at the behest of pressure from India, indicates the nervousness and ficklness of Zardari and Co.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Also protest them that by what ethics American and Saudis are spreaded dangerous arms and so called Jihadi but in fact the virus of loathsome literature and culture&#44; due to which human butcher houses established in our country.	Also question why American and Saudis sell dangerous arms and so called Jihadi but in fact the virus of loathsome literature and culture, due to which human butcher houses established in our country.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	After the threat of an attack from the Indian side&#44; an announcement from the Pakistan Army that they would pull their troops from the Afghan Border and would commit them towards India and a declaration from Taliban that they would take care of the Afghan Border&#44; staggered the Americans badly and thus put all their weight behind Pakistan against an Indian attack.	After the threat of an attack from the Indian side, the Pakistan Army announced that they would pull their troops from the Afghan Border and would commit them towards India.  The Taliban declaredthat they would take care of the Afghan Border.  This staggered the Americans badly, and thus they put all their weight behind Pakistan against an Indian attack.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	This exposed the might of the American Army in the region.	This exposed the weakness of the American Army in the region.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Although India neither made any threat of an attack nor she had the courage to do so.	Although India neither made any threat of an attack nor dared to do so.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	In addition&#44; attacks of Taliban on the American supply lines proved to be the final nail in the coffin.	In addition, attacks of Taliban on the American supply lines proved to be the final nail in the coffin.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Thus&#44; it was proved that without the help of Pakistan Government and Army&#44; America would achieve nothing.	Thus, it was proved that without the help of Pakistan's Government and Army, America would achieve nothing.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Karachi Business Financial Center of Pakistan is Dubai of underdeveloped areas.	Karachi Business Financial Center of Pakistan is the Dubai of underdeveloped areas.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Hundreds of thousand never return empty pocket from here&#44; but since the grip of law has weekend in Western Frontier areas all eyes are on Karachi.	Hundreds of thousand never return with empty pockets from here, but since the grip of law has weakened in Western Frontier areas, all eyes are on Karachi.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Now they are about to kidnap this city.	Now they are about to kidnap this city.
A477WG206BMM6	One solution of the problem is that the Urdu speaking people learn Pushto or the Pushto speaking learn Urdu or if everyone learns English&#44; the better.	One solution to the problem is if the Urdu speaking people learn Pushto or the Pushto speaking learn Urdu. If everyone learns English it is better.
A477WG206BMM6	You will certainly think of the suggestion as absurd&#44; but don’t you think the cause of the conflict is bizarre?	You will certainly think of the suggestion as absurd, but don’t you think the cause of the conflict is bizarre?
A477WG206BMM6	That the cause of clash is language?	The cause of clash is language?
A477WG206BMM6	Zaheer Chughtai	Zaheer Chughtai
A477WG206BMM6	Sir&#44; during my childhood&#44; I really gave this suggestion on numerous occasions to my friends of all ethnic and religious groups; every time people laughed at it.	Sir, during my childhood, I really gave this suggestion on numerous occasions to my friends of all ethnic and religious groups; every time people laughed at it.
A477WG206BMM6	At that time&#44; these ethnic and religious sentiments of hatred were not so strong&#44; they were merely boiling inside.	At that time, these ethnic and religious sentiments of hatred were not so strong, they were merely boiling inside.
A477WG206BMM6	Can&#39;t understand what and why it is happening?	You can't understand what and why it is happening?
A477WG206BMM6	Are these the indicators of Dooms day.	Are these the indicators of Dooms Day?
A477WG206BMM6	By what reason innocents are dieing?	Why are innocents dieing?
ASLRRFY2SAJ4D	Either Karachi or Mumbai it is an inside job.	Either Karachi or Mumbai it is an inside job.
ASLRRFY2SAJ4D	Every upcoming government gets herself involved in changing the names of places&#44; like now a days airport&#44; roads&#44; buildings all Benazir.	Every blossoming government starts to  change the names of places in the country. For example, airport, roads, and buildings are all named Benazir.
ASLRRFY2SAJ4D	Is this the meaning of Benazir which is happening in Karachi and to the peoples of Pakistan?	Is this the meaning of Benazir which is happening in Karachi and to the peoples of Pakistan?
ASLRRFY2SAJ4D	In accordance with the Mumbai attack it is said that the the task in Karachi have been failed to perform. And now that these job elements should resign.	In accordance with the Mumbai attack,  it has been said that the the task in Karachi has failed; and those who performed these tasks should resign.
ASLRRFY2SAJ4D	The Indians in the Karachi should wake up as the laborers are speaking improperley.	The Indians in the Karachi should be aware that the laborers are speaking improperly.
ASLRRFY2SAJ4D	The National parties&#44; political parties&#44; religious parties &#44; linguistic and national parties react in a diplomatic manner for India against the bomb attack	The National parties-- political, religious, and linguistic-- reacted in a diplomatic manner for India against the bomb attack.
ASLRRFY2SAJ4D	MQM and ANP are responsible for the worse situation in Karachi and administration is not neutral.	MQM and ANP are responsible for the horrible situation in Karachi, and the administration is not neutral on the issue.
ASLRRFY2SAJ4D	Administration can control the situation in an hour but it is incited deliberately	Administration can control the situation in an hour but it is incited deliberately
ASLRRFY2SAJ4D	&#44; police and rangers don&#39;t take action because of political parties pressure.	, police and rangers don't take action because of pressure put on them by political parties.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	Till the end administration is under political pressure such incidents will increase&#44; Allah bless Pakistan.	Till the time the administration is under political pressure, such incidents will increase. Allah bless Pakistan.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	In my openion&#44;these are the biggest terrorrists.	In my openion,they are the biggest terrorrists.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	And there must be some foreign hands behind it but do&#39;nt know which?	And there must be some foreign hands behind it, but do not know who plays the mischief.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	But if these circumstances occured in any city of N.W.F.P&#44;then govt. had to do anything against it using all of it&#39;s resources but the govt. seems to be helpless when this is not in N.W.F.P.	But if these circumstances prevailed in any city of N.W.F.P., then the  Govt. would have gone all out against it using its resources. But, the govt. seems to be helpless as this is not happening  in N.W.F.P.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	Govt. should take an army action here saving a big and important city of the country from terrorism.	Govt. should press the army into service, to save this big and important city of the country from terrorism.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	Otherwise Pakistan will have to face an enormous financial crisis.	Otherwise, Pakistan will have to face an grave financial crisis.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	BBC Urdu is also under fear. whereas the tax situations in Pakistan is very bad.	BBC Urdu is under pressure, as the tax situation in Pakistan is very bad.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	BBC Urdu has all the truth.	BBC Urdu knows all the truth.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	one of the problem is this Urdu speakers learn pastu or pastu speakers learn Urdu or its better if all learns English.	One problem is, the Urdu speakers learn Pastu or Pastu speakers learn Urdu; it is better if both learn English.
A3TH8YZRZB3QX0	is language is a problem for communication?	Is language a barrier to communication?
A3TH8YZRZB3QX0	At last another merciless incident in Karachi that was terrifiying every citizen for long.	Another merciless incident has occurred in Karachi causing widespread terror among locals.
A3TH8YZRZB3QX0	The media reports are only 50 percent of last four incidents occured there.One did&#39;t left any space according to his chances.	The media has only reported 50 percent of last four incidents that occurred there.
A3TH8YZRZB3QX0	Last three nights were sleepless and are still afraid.	I have been without sleep the past three nights- I'm still afraid.
A3TH8YZRZB3QX0	To kill the cobblers and dry fruit sellers who tried to emptify the hotels.	The intent was to kill the cobblers and dried fruit sellers who tried to empty the hotels.
A3TH8YZRZB3QX0	They who cut the ears of innocent people and rob at the super highway&#44;are all ignorent of Allah&#39;s approach&#44;to whom they will be a victim of one day.	Those who cut the ears of innocent people and rob those on the major highway are ignorant of Allah's approach, to which they will one day be subject.
A3TH8YZRZB3QX0	In your perspective what is the reason for bad peace?	From your perspective, what is the reason for ill-fated peace?
A3TH8YZRZB3QX0	(BBC)	(BBC)
A3TH8YZRZB3QX0	Keeping in front of painful mumbai attack of India searching reason for bad peace in Karachi is not necessary but it is straight this only happened because the shed of &#39;blood&#39;	Keeping in front of painful mumbai attack of India searching reason for bad peace in Karachi is not necessary but it is straight this only happened because the shed of 'blood'
AMD40D0GC1L4R	Liaqat Ali Khan and many devotees also belonged to there&#44;for correcting the misunderstanding of Mr. Psycho I am quoting a verse	Liaqat Ali Khan and many devotees also belonged to there,for correcting the misunderstanding of Mr. Psycho I am quoting a verse
AMD40D0GC1L4R	We also will follow our ancestors	We will also follow our ancestors.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	sacrificed for her existence and will sacrifice to save her.	sacrificed for her existence and will sacrifice to save her.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	Faizan Taufiq Siddiqui	Faizan Taufiq Siddiqui
AMD40D0GC1L4R	It is very sad&#44; the whole country is at stake while we are fighting with each other.	It is very sad. The whole country is at stake while we are fighting with each other.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	Mr. Siddiqui for your kind information if Wikipedia.	Mr. Siddiqui for your kind information if Wikipedia.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	org is searched for Liaqat Ali Khan&#44; you will know that he belonged to a noble Punjabi family of an area of Punjab Karnal.	org is searched for Liaqat Ali Khan, you will know that he belonged to a noble Punjabi family of an area of Punjab Karnal.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	Due to his services for Muhajirs&#44; they consider him their leader.	Because of his service to the Muhajirs, they consider him their leader.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	Every action has got a reaction.	For every action, there is a reaction.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	Ijaz Awan	Ijaz Awan
AMD40D0GC1L4R	Before that you gather a crowd of people giving suggestions over the night&#44;I have to tell you that we can find true evidences of real missbehaving in the walls of Karachi in the form of wall chalkings and posters.	Before you gather a crowd of people giving suggestions overnight,I have to tell you that we can find true evidence of real misbehaviour on the walls of Karachi in the form of wall chalkings and posters.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	We have been bearing both kinds of misbehaviour.	We have been seeing both kinds of misbehaviour.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	By the way&#44;vegabonds even did not tolerated newly existed Pakistan and its founder.But they have never faced any reaction.	By the way, vandals did not tolerate the newly created Pakistan and its founder. But they have never experienced any reaction.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	In return&#44;creating problems for the same country&#44;Pakistan	In return, creating problems for the same country, Pakistan.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	Only Muslim League (N) was left&#44; she also handed over the draft of 18th amendment to Peoples Party.	Only the Muslim League (N) was left; she also handed over the draft of the 18th amendment to the Peoples Party.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	Before this MQM and Muslim League (Q) has already submitted the draft of 18th amendment in assembly and senate.	Before this MQM and the Muslim League (Q) has already submitted the draft of the 18th amendment in the Assembly and the Senate.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	Till now it appears that 18th amendment was a political move and none of the party is sincere in its approval.	Now, it appears that the 18th amendment was a political move and none of the party is sincere in its approval.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	This is why nobody has raised voice in the favor of this amendment in senate or assembly and neither forced the House to approve the amendment.	This is why nobody has raised his voice in favor of this amendment in the Senate or the Assembly and neither forced the House to approve the amendment.
AO86WZ7I0VQZC	MQM an ally of government&#44; Muslim League (N) secret friend and Muslim League (Q) has approved the 17th amendment&#44; then how is it possible that they are sincere in removing 17th amendment.	MQM an ally of government, Muslim League (N) secret friend and Muslim League (Q) has approved the 17th amendment, then how is it possible that they are sincere in removing 17th amendment.
AO86WZ7I0VQZC	It is like painting red to be counted amongst martyred.	It is like painting red to be counted amongst martyred.
AO86WZ7I0VQZC	Peoples Party is not what so ever in a hurry to remove 17th amendment.	Peoples Party is not what so ever in a hurry to remove 17th amendment.
AO86WZ7I0VQZC	Nobody can think of cutting his own hands.	Nobody can think of cutting his own hands.
AO86WZ7I0VQZC	As long Zardari is President 17th amendment will be there.	As long Zardari is President 17th amendment will be there.
AO86WZ7I0VQZC	It was majority&#39;s opinion in our one survey and a fact too.	It was majority's opinion in our one survey and a fact too.
AO86WZ7I0VQZC	If 17th amendment ought to be removed then Zardari wont become president.	If 17th amendment ought to be removed then Zardari won't become president.
AO86WZ7I0VQZC	Now he is more powerful then President Pervez as along with the President he is the Chairman of Peoples Party.	Now he is more powerful then President Perez as along with the President he is the Chairman of Peoples Party.
AO86WZ7I0VQZC	Till he is president 17th amendment is there.	Till he is president 17th amendment is there.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	Neither MQM wants it nor the other parties.	Neither MQM wants it nor do the other parties.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	Most elders of our family belonged to labor class.	Most of the elders of our family belonged to labor class.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	And when we in our childhood we used to see our uncles doing strenuous labor it gave birth to this desire in our heart that God protects us from strenuous physical labor.	And in our childhood we used to see our uncles doing strenuous labor.  That gave birth to this belief in us that God protects us from strenuous physical labor.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	To seek refuge from it we wrote a letter to the editor of daily Amroz and asked “what should we do after matriculation exams that we don’t have to go through strenuous physical labor.	To seek refuge from the hard labor, we wrote a letter to the editor of daily, Amroz, asking him to tell us what should we do after matriculation exams so that we don’t have to go through the strenuous physical labor.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	Editor in his reply wrote that we should become a doctor or an engineer and should opt for such and such subjects to study.	The editor, replied that we should become a doctor or an engineer and should opt for a list of subjects to study.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	From the beginning we were inclined toward engineering and also in metric we opted for technical drawing instead of biology.	From the beginning, we were inclined towards engineering;  also in the Matriculations, we opted for technical drawing, instead of biology.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	But at the time of admission in FSC elder brother insisted on doing FSC in Pre Medical and become a doctor.	But, at the time of admission in FSC, my elder brother insisted upon doing FSC in Pre Medical to become a doctor.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	We hardly studied biology for a month and when we couldn’t understand a thing we swapped biology for Mathematics.	We hardly studied Biology for a month and when we couldn’t understand anything, we swapped Biology for Mathematics.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	It means that the fear of strenuous physical jobs made us to become engineers and now we are well placed among many the youth of our family and for this we are thankful to God	It means that the fear of strenuous physical jobs drove us to become engineers and now all we are some of the well-placed ones among many youth of our family and for this we are thankful to God.
A1AYPTB7AYZ623	It was not even 30 minutes for us working that our younger son said “Dad it feels like I am not born for this job.	We were not even thirty minutes into our working that our younger son said “Dad, it feels like I am not born for this job."
A1AYPTB7AYZ623	We said if it is true then study hard like us and free yourself from physical labor.	We said that if that is true then study hard like us and free yourself from physical labor.
A1AYPTB7AYZ623	Son started saying that I am studying and will complete my studies but I can’t do this work .	Our younger son started saying, "I am studying and will complete my studies but I can’t do this work."
A1AYPTB7AYZ623	Three of us somehow managed to finish the job and got back home.	The three of us somehow managed to finish the job and get back home.
A1AYPTB7AYZ623	What it means is that when a man decides the destination no matter what were the motives behind this no one can stop him from getting it.	It means that when a man decides the destination, no matter what the motives were behind this, no one can stop him from getting it.
A1AYPTB7AYZ623	But if you don’t even know what you have to do then God be with you.	But if you don’t even know what you have to do, then God be with you.
A1AYPTB7AYZ623	It is said that don&#39;t accuse the dead&#44; but can&#39;t help it as we see only evils in her on the first anniversary of Benazir.	It is said that one should not accuse the dead, but sometimes one cannot help it, as we see only evils in her on the first anniversary of Benazir.
A1AYPTB7AYZ623	On one side Benazir crushed independence movement of Sikhs by handing over the list of Sikh freedom fighters to India for her own sake and on the other hand provided India an opportunity to fully concentrate in Kashmir after crushing the movement in Punjab.	On one side, Benazir crushed independence movement of Sikhs by handing over the list of Sikh freedom fighters to India, and on the other hand provided India an opportunity to fully concentrate in Kashmir after crushing the movement in Punjab.
A1AYPTB7AYZ623	The greed of Benazir and Nawaz Sharif for government is a part of history which pushed the country back for many years.	The greed of Benazir and Nawaz Sharif for government pushed the country back many years.
A33M29K8ZITB47	Benazir made a deal with Pervez Musharraf while betraying the London agreement with Nawaz Sharif.	Benazir made a deal with Pervez Musharraf, betraying the London agreement with Nawaz Sharif.
A33M29K8ZITB47	During her reign Benazir provided her husband the opportunity of making money and because of this he popularized as Mr. 10 percent.	During her reign, Benazir provided her husband the opportunity to make money. Because of this he became known  as Mr. 10 percent.
A33M29K8ZITB47	Benazir brother was killed during her reign whose assassins are still safe.	Benazir brother was killed during her reign whose assassins are still safe.
A33M29K8ZITB47	Though a woman still Benazir avoided to fight for the rights of women.	Despite being a  woman herself, Benazir avoided adressing issues of women's rights.
A33M29K8ZITB47	Just like Benazir politicized her father&#39;s dead body similarly his widower husband politicizing her dead body.	Just as Benazir politicized her father's death, her widower husband politicized hers.
A33M29K8ZITB47	Benazir reigned twice but not only she failed to punish her father&#39;s political murder but could not file a case against them.	Benazir reigned twice, but not only did she fail to punish those responsible for the politically motivated murder of her father, she did not even manage to file a case against them.
A33M29K8ZITB47	It has been thirty seven years since the separation of East Pakistan and look at the height of insensitivity of our people and rulers that neither did anyone mourn nor grieved over their mistakes on that day.	It has been thirty seven years since the separation of East Pakistan.  Still look at the height of insensitivity of our people and rulers. No one has mourned or grieved over the mistakes made that day.
A33M29K8ZITB47	It should have happened that we should look upon 16th December as a black day and should take appropraite steps so that this type of accident does not happen again.	We should look upon the 16th of December as a black day and should take every step possible so that this type of accident does not happen again.
A33M29K8ZITB47	On that day&#44; we send humanism messages to the people of Bangladesh and try to bring them closer to us.	On that day, we sent messages of peace to the people of Bangladesh and tried to bring them closer to us.
AQPMQ9S10V32E	They are making strategies to bring back the Beharis (ethnic class) stranded in Bangladesh and send them gifts to encourage them.	They are making strategies to bring back the Beharis (ethnic class) stranded in Bangladesh and send them gifts to encourage them.
AQPMQ9S10V32E	But we have become so indifferent that when someone dies in our own neighborhood we don&#39;t know about it.	But we have become so indifferent that when someone dies in our own neighborhood we don't know about it.
AQPMQ9S10V32E	We are not even concerned about our brothers because we have become too self-centered.	We are not even concerned about our brothers because we have become too self-centered.
AQPMQ9S10V32E	Even after big tragedies we return to our routine life the next day.	Even after big tragedies we return to our routine life the next day.
AQPMQ9S10V32E	Perhaps&#44; like East and West Germany were united&#44; in the same way&#44; East and West Pakistan will also be united once more.	Perhaps, like East and West Germany were united, in the same way, East and West Pakistan will also be united once more.
AQPMQ9S10V32E	We can still be united if we are prepared to make sacrifices for each other and come out of the crust of selfishness.	We can still be united if we are prepared to make sacrifices for each other and come out of the crust of selfishness.
AQPMQ9S10V32E	But this wish does not seem to be fulfilled in the near future	But this wish does not seem to be fulfilled in the near future
AQPMQ9S10V32E	Today when it was told in the news that Governor of American State Illinois has been arrested for charges of corruption	Today when it was told in the news that Governor of American State Illinois has been arrested for charges of corruption
AQPMQ9S10V32E	and to remove him from governorship provincial Congress is preparing for his rapid accountability&#44; our American friend who has a keen interest in Pakistani affairs exaggeratedly said to me &#39;see this is democracy&#39;.	and to remove him from governorship provincial Congress is preparing for his rapid accountability, our American friend who has a keen interest in Pakistani affairs said to me 'see this is democracy'.
A1R2GH6O4TUGPG	and here is your country Pakistan whose president was dropped of the corruption charges before sworn in.	Pakistan's president was cleared of charges before sworn in.
A1R2GH6O4TUGPG	My sense of humor rouse and I said what&#39;s strange if a governor has been arrested in America&#44; in our Pakistan prime minister was arrested overnight and once was hanged and second time was exiled.	My sense of humor rouse and I said what's strange if a governor has been arrested in America, in our Pakistan prime minister was arrested overnight and once was hanged and second time was exiled.
A1R2GH6O4TUGPG	Tell me&#44; has it ever happened in America?	Tell me, has it ever happened in America?
A1R2GH6O4TUGPG	In Pakistan the country law breaker has been departed from President House with guard of honor&#44; tell me has it ever happened in America?	In Pakistan, the law breaker has  left the presidential residence with an honor guard. Tell me, has this ever happened in America?
A1R2GH6O4TUGPG	In Pakistan Chief Justice has been dismissed as despite of public support he is not reinstated yet&#44; has this ever happened in America?	Pakistan Chief Justice has been dismissed. Despite public support, he has not yet been reinstated. Has this ever happened in America?
A1R2GH6O4TUGPG	In Pakistan fake degree holder has become the Health Minister&#44; did this happen in America?	In Pakistan, a fake degree holder has become the Health Minister. Has this happened in America?
A1R2GH6O4TUGPG	By hearing this American laughed like mads and also accepted his defeat.	By hearing this, Americans laughed like crazy and also accepted his defeat.
A1R2GH6O4TUGPG	In the picture&#44; despite being flanked by Americans from all sides&#44; President Zardari is smiling.	In the picture, despite being ridiculed by Americans from all sides, President Zardari is smiling.
A1R2GH6O4TUGPG	From his joy it looks like	From his joy it looks like
A290HG650RGY73	This picture has been taken as it was a family gathering	This picture was taken at a family gathering.
A290HG650RGY73	A photo like this was never published in the papers before; one president with three American officials.	A photo like this -- a president with three American officials -- has never published in the papers before.
A290HG650RGY73	It seems the American involvement in Pakistan has increased and more than one official is needed to do the job; or they are not relying on their new puppet the way they relied on the one before him.	It seems that either American involvement in Pakistan has increased and more than one official is needed to do the job, or they are not relying on their new puppet as they did with their previous one.
A290HG650RGY73	This could also have been arranged keeping in mind the stories of President Zardari’s breach of commitments.	Keeping in mind the stories of President Zardari’s breach of commitments, this photo op could have been arranged.
A290HG650RGY73	If it had been a sensible ruler&#44; at least he would not have been grinning during the photo session and he would have had a subservient and embarrassing look on his face.	If Zardari were a sensible ruler, he would have at least not been grinning during the photo session; he would have had a subservient and embarrassing look on his face.
A290HG650RGY73	If the principle of democracy is applied on this picture then Present Zardari is in minority.	If the principle of democracy is applied to the members of this picture, then Present Zardari is in the minority.
A290HG650RGY73	In democracy&#44; majority rules the country and the picture reveals the actual rulers.	In a democracy the majority rules, and the picture reveals the actual rulers.
A290HG650RGY73	The scenic Swat valley is also called the Switzerland of Pakistan.	The scenic Swat valley is also called "the Switzerland of Pakistan."
A290HG650RGY73	The government’s policy so far is to engage in talks besides the use of force.	The government’s policy so far is to engage in talks rather than the use of force.
A3TH8YZRZB3QX0	What is needed of the government is to address the root cause of this menace instead of using force.	What is needed of the government is to address the root cause of this menace instead of using force.
A3TH8YZRZB3QX0	With the root causes addressed&#44; Fazalullah and Taliban will die out themselves.	With the root causes addressed, Fazalullah and Taliban will die out by themselves.
A3TH8YZRZB3QX0	The Shariat Bill by the ANP government will help to address the problem to a great extent.	The Shariat Bill by the ANP government will help address the problem to a great extent.
A3TH8YZRZB3QX0	But the government must address the financial problems in addition to the implementation of Shariat.	However, the government must address the financial problems in addition to the implementation of Shariat.
A3TH8YZRZB3QX0	General Musharraf&#44; the rights that his aches that this nation diagonal scientists have activity will be rid of the power&#44; but those who has the intention of changing the interview with CNN	General Musharraf, the rights that his aches that this nation diagonal scientists have activity will be rid of the power, but those who has the intention of changing the interview with CNN
A3TH8YZRZB3QX0	He also to the amadein	He also to the amadein
A3TH8YZRZB3QX0	The expected actions and the steps arranged was end	The expected actions would never occur.
A3TH8YZRZB3QX0	When the rule of Bush was at an end he was scared and he started dealing with theives	When the rule of Bush was coming to an end, he became scared and started dealing with thieves.
A3TH8YZRZB3QX0	General Musharraf&#44; the army had to control&#44; but the present Government not only to what is the.	General Musharraf, the army had to control, but the present Government not only to what is the.
A477WG206BMM6	Translation of the first sentence goes here.	Translation of the first sentence goes here.
A477WG206BMM6	Translation of the second sentence goes here.	Translation of the second sentence goes here.
A477WG206BMM6	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity, a major one of which is human growth hormone, commonly known as HGH.
A477WG206BMM6	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity, a major one of which is human growth hormone, commonly known as HGH.
A477WG206BMM6	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity, a major one of which is human growth hormone, commonly known as HGH.
A477WG206BMM6	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity, a major one of which is human growth hormone, commonly known as HGH.
A477WG206BMM6	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity, a major one of which is human growth hormone, commonly known as HGH.
A477WG206BMM6	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity, a major one of which is human growth hormone, commonly known as HGH.
A477WG206BMM6	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity, a major one of which is human growth hormone, commonly known as HGH.
A312KFQ78WB3A4	They are unable to track the non-juduicial F.M channel which is running by taliban&#44;according to me that is very easy.	They are unable to track the non-judicial F.M channel which is running by Taliban,but I would think that is very easy.
A312KFQ78WB3A4	Then also they didnt took any action against taliban&#39;s illegal F.M channel which is spreading poison all over the country or ruining their country with the help of that channel	Then they didn't take any action against the Taliban's illegal F.M channel which is spreading poison all over and ruining their country.
A312KFQ78WB3A4	After closing the girls schools now they are closing the boys schools too.	After closing the girls schools now they are closing the boys schools too.
A312KFQ78WB3A4	They order curfew because talibans can move easily or proceed easily.	They order curfew so that Taliban people can move easily or proceed easily.
A312KFQ78WB3A4	Today at night during curfew eight turcks&#44; during curfew they entered mangora&#39;s environ and ENTRENCHED them.	Tonight during curfew eight Turks entered Mangora's environ and ENTRENCHED them.
A312KFQ78WB3A4	Now the question raises that after being curfewed then how the talibans entered in .	Now the question is after being under curfew how did the Taliban get in .
A312KFQ78WB3A4	The Army can kill Akber bagdi at his home but they given salami to taliban	The Army can kill Akber Bagdi at his home but they gave salami to the Taliban.
A312KFQ78WB3A4	For god sake can anyone make then understand that help the helpless people of SWAT and release them from the talibans army and prove that pakistani army is strong enough to take action against any one of his enemy.	For god's sake, can anyone make them understand that helping the helpless people of SWAT and releasing them from the Taliban's army can prove that the Pakistani army is strong enough to take action against any one of his enemy.
A312KFQ78WB3A4	He says&#44; maximum bloodshed has been done on the base of religion&#44; you tell me in the absence of any religion wont bloodshed occur?	He says, maximum bloodshed has been done in the name of religion. You tell me in the absence of any religion won't bloodshed still occur?
ASLRRFY2SAJ4D	Not at all&#44; sir&#44; religion preaches us that there is no white&#44; black&#44; Punjabi or Muhajir&#44; if there is no religion then half of the world would have been destroyed by the war of black and white and remaining half by the war of cast.	Not at all, sir. Religion preaches to us that there is no white or black; no Punjabi or Muhajir. If there is no religion then half of the world would have been destroyed by the war between black and white, and remaining half by the war of caste.
ASLRRFY2SAJ4D	Actually religion nourishes human morally and restricts him that he is not here at his own rather is sent by The Creator of Universe and he has to live by God&#39;s rules.	Actually, religion nourishes a person's morality. It also restricts him so that he is not living by his own rules byr rather has to live by God's rules because he is sent by The Creator of Universe.
ASLRRFY2SAJ4D	As a Muslim I believe that Islam is true religion and a complete code of life.	As a Muslim I believe that Islam is the true religion, and i use it as a complete code of life.
ASLRRFY2SAJ4D	After moving to London&#44; I used to call my relatives back home every single morning&#44; although they never called us even once. Then I realized they were inconvenienced by our calling as well&#44; so we stopped.	After moving to London, I used to call my relatives back home every single morning, although they never called me even once. Then I realized they were inconvenienced by my calls, so I stopped calling them.
ASLRRFY2SAJ4D	After living in France now for two years&#44; I feel the same way.	After living in France now for two years, I feel the same way I did when i arrived.
ASLRRFY2SAJ4D	I don&#39;t know why people always expect us to call them.	I don't know why people always expect us to make calls.
ASLRRFY2SAJ4D	Translation of the first sentence goes here.	A translation of the first sentence goes here.
ASLRRFY2SAJ4D	Translation of the second sentence goes here.	A translation of the second sentence goes here.
ASLRRFY2SAJ4D	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity. One of the most popular is human growth hormone, commonly known as HGH.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity, a major one of which is human growth hormone, commonly known as HGH.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity, a major one of which is human growth hormone, commonly known as HGH.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity, a major one of which is human growth hormone, commonly known as HGH.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity, a major one of which is human growth hormone, commonly known as HGH.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity, a major one of which is human growth hormone, commonly known as HGH.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	It has been proved that this area is from thousands of years is also Israelis country	It has been shown that this area has been Israeli territory for thousands of years.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	It should happen that both of the groups should compromise with each other and live in peace but as their relations are in the hands of Arab and western countries&#44; hence without their approval there would be no peace.	Both of the groups should compromise with each other and live in peace, but as their relations are in the hands of Arab and western countries, without their approval there will be no peace.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	Moreover Iran also wants to fight its proxy war from here.	Moreover, Iran also wants to fight its proxy war from here.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	If Israel stops for meantime&#44; then again for some reasons after a while it will start.	If Israel stops for a while, then for some reason after a while it will start again.
A477WG206BMM6	BBC is only carrying the &#39;formality&#39; and its objective is to have sympathies!	BBC is only carrying the 'formality' and its objective is to have sympathies!
A477WG206BMM6	It is requested to Mr. Moderator that he must publish this review so that it may be proved BBC has element of realism to some extent.	It is requested to Mr. Moderator that he must publish this review so that it may be proved that BBC has an element of realism to some extent.
A477WG206BMM6	Thanks.	Thanks.
A477WG206BMM6	What is not write a story&#44; But how do you have emerged in her every time it is certainly in the Dracula innocent lives in blood&#44;.	What is not write a story, But how do you have emerged in her every time it is certainly in the Dracula innocent lives in blood,.
A477WG206BMM6	In every time and are being wars and every time blood is running.	In every time and are being wars and every time blood is running.
A477WG206BMM6	But this is his son 21st century of the human that it is very civilized agree to how do you Day is a common shouting and head of the murder of the quiet&#44;	But this is his son 21st century of the human that it is very civilized agree to how do you Day is a common shouting and head of the murder of the quiet,
A477WG206BMM6	How do you feel this isn&#39;t going that he is a bad best T photo: Graham as it is back.	How do you feel this isn't going that he is a bad best T photo: Graham as it is back.
A477WG206BMM6	Sorry&#44; nose and tragic aspect of this is that you come downstairs?&#39;®-qualified human aspect of the century coming from the front of the human &#39; and he will be made.	Sorry, nose and tragic aspect of this is that you come downstairs?'®-qualified human aspect of the century coming from the front of the human ' and he will be made.
A477WG206BMM6	Always being beauty of Hyderabad Deccan	Always being beauty of Hyderabad Deccan
AONMRAHT4MOTN	According to the weather a poem was created in the present discipline mentioning about the rice rain.	According to the weather a poem was created in the present discipline mentioning about the rice rain.
AONMRAHT4MOTN	Do you have this heavy rains too?	Do you have these heavy rains too?
AONMRAHT4MOTN	It has been Bihar in this year.	It has been Bihar in this year.
AONMRAHT4MOTN	As the stay has really been.	As the stay has really been.
AONMRAHT4MOTN	Never been so like that.	Never been so like that.
AONMRAHT4MOTN	The buttermilk has never been good in the night.	The buttermilk has never been good at night.
AONMRAHT4MOTN	Noise never ever can be the silence.	Noise never ever can be the silence.
AONMRAHT4MOTN	Do you have this heavy rains too?	Do you have these heavy rains, too?
AONMRAHT4MOTN	Remember any night	Remember any night.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	It seems that Israel will never be.	It seems that Israel will never be.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	And never burned themselves	And never burned themselves
AMD40D0GC1L4R	The grief was in a gradual.	The grief was in a gradual.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	Do you have this heavy rains too?	Do you have heavy rains there, too?
AMD40D0GC1L4R	All these things in the right to take the country&#44; those people&#44; or in a.	All these things in the right to take the country, those people, or in a.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	They also demanded that the people dentifrice or lemon with the crust temples have clearly indicates they are washing with it	They also demanded that the people dentifrice or lemon with the crust temples have clearly indicates they are washing with it
AMD40D0GC1L4R	Also&#44; the leaders of our media&#44; convening forbidden.	Also, the leaders of the media, are forbidden to gather.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	His purpose only money from the group and some not.	His purpose only money from the group and some not.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	People are illiterate&#44; he was talking about it is the biggest ignorance to	People are illiterate, he was talking about it is the biggest ignorance to
AMD40D0GC1L4R	The whole police was running here and there but was least bothered about illegal parking.	All of the police were running here and there but was not the least concerned about illegal parking.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	Not this&#44; NYPD traffic was not in the mood of noticing illegally parked vehicles.	NYPD traffic control was not in the mood for noticing illegally parked vehicles.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	What happened was&#44; an airplane of US Air crash landed in the Hudson River.	What happened was, an US Air airplane had crash landed in the Hudson River.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	Till now the only information pulled out was&#44; &quot;&quot;the terrorists&quot;&quot; were of goose breed.	Till now the only information pulled out was, "the terrorists" were of the goose breed.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	Yesterday it might be the historic cold in New york.	Yesterday it might be historically cold in New York.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	The temperature does not fall to this extent.	The temperature does not fall this low.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	My jaw start to ache because of half an hour outside walk.	My jaw started to ache because of walking outside for half an hour.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	Just imagine what would have happened with those who jumped of the plane into the river.	Just imagine what would have happened to those who jumped off the plane into the river.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	A matter of relief as all the people were safe.	It was a great relief that all the people were safe.
A29VL1U4I9F3PD	While watching all this I went to New Jersey by West Side Highway. I Noticed that South Bound is blocked&#44; still what I did?	While watching all this, I went to New Jersey by West Side Highway. I Noticed that South Bound is blocked. Anyone else catch a glimpse of it?
A29VL1U4I9F3PD	Yes&#44; I was jammed in it on my way back.	Yes, I was jammed in it on my way back.
A29VL1U4I9F3PD	Thanks God&#44;during my an hour trip the road was bit cleared as I get an exit from 56 street.	Thanks God! During my hour trip the road was bit clear as I gof off on an exit from 56th street.
A29VL1U4I9F3PD	Otherwise I did not avail the first two exit due to the long lanes of vehicles.	I wasn't able to get off from two of the exits due to all the vehicles blocking the way.
A29VL1U4I9F3PD	Pakistani: hI buffet&#44; Eid Mubarak to you.	Pakistani: Hi Buffet! Its Eid Mubark.
A29VL1U4I9F3PD	Of course&#44; Some replaces faith in policewomen.	There are some people who place more responsibility on policewomen than policemen.
A29VL1U4I9F3PD	Blooming: Mubarak&#44; Wish you also Eid Mubarak.	Blooming: I wish you were really Eid Mubark.
A29VL1U4I9F3PD	Sarah: It is like Qurban and jahanzeb are fowl.	Sarah: It is like Qurban and jahanzeb are fowl.
A29VL1U4I9F3PD	Noway in addition to this.	That is not related at all.
A1AKLMHYMFGMC2	Cork network in the right time.	Cork network in the right time.
A1AKLMHYMFGMC2	What happened to the forum?	What has happened to the forum?
A1AKLMHYMFGMC2	Hello	Hello!
A1AKLMHYMFGMC2	The blog allows two hands in the closet.	The blog allows two hands in the closet.
A1AKLMHYMFGMC2	Sources: Khair Mubarak&#44; Eid Mubarak to you.	Sources: Eid Mubarak to you.
A1AKLMHYMFGMC2	Head of the cranes are used.	Top of cranes are used.
A1AKLMHYMFGMC2	Snow will disappear.	The snow will melt.
A1AKLMHYMFGMC2	We thought Talibans as non - related&#44; that there were just in oppose of education for women.	We are not related to the Taliban. Taliban opposes education of women.
A1AKLMHYMFGMC2	They show this angerness daily by demolishing scools and colleges of women.	They show their anger by demolishing schools and colleges for women.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	South&#44; taliban has demolished boys school	Taliban has demolished boys' school in Southern Afghanistan.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	Girls Schools according to famous proverb &quot;&quot;Literacy first&quot;&quot; following it was destructed first&#44; Cant understand why people still believe Taliban as irresponsible and nomadic creatures?	Girls Schools according to famous proverb ""Literacy first"" following it was destructed first, Cant understand why people still believe Taliban as irresponsible and nomadic creatures?
A1MMSHJHU659AT	from this condition it is clear that it is not proper to quote Taliban as against women literacy.	It is clear from this condition, that it's not proper to quote Taliban against women's literacy.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	But by gods grace their totally against literacy.	But by God's grace they are totally against literacy.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	Allah the great should give this Mujhahideen more power and rule	Allah the great should give this Mujaheddin more power and rule
A1MMSHJHU659AT	destroying those who rule on us may Allah help them	May Allah help them to destroy those who rule us.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	Ameen Summa Ameen	Ameen Summa Ameen.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	By gods grace till now 182 schools have been demolished.	By God's grace until now, 182 schools have been demolished.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	The Muslims first thing to strong tradition in the name of gather&#44; property from the Quran&#44; married&#44; and the custom of his many of the girl israr eight years old and adult in and was not&#44; to India&#44; with the girl in the marriage&#44; news.	The Muslims first thing to strong tradition in the name of gather, property from the Quran, married, and the custom of his many of the girl israr eight years old and adult in and was not, to India, with the girl in the marriage, news.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	From on before a dog married a girl which is also freshed	From on before a dog married a girl which is also freshed
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	They saw the groom too	They saw the groom too.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Humanity in 21st century is extinguished	Humanity will be wiped out in the 21st century.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Today is the age of computer and computer&#39;s interference is growing in every aspect of life.	Today is the age of computers, and computers' influence is growing in every aspect of life.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Lots of people have many reservations about this growing interference of computer like in financial issues.	Lots of people have many reservations about this growing influence of computers, like in financial issues.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	As you have facilities for using credit cards but by this law enforcement agencies has also firmer grip on your private life.	You can use credit cards, but this gives law enforcement agencies a firmer grip on your private life.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	That just by tracking the record of your credit card you can be exposed.	They can track your credit card records to expose you.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	And in future when use of currency will be minimal its utility will increase.	In the future, less physical currency will be used, and its utility will increase.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Similarly in crimes world there is no need to rob the bank&#44; information of credit card are hacked.	Similarly, you don't have to rob a bank to commit a financial crime when you can break into credit card records.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	&#44; social networking websites like Orcet&#44; Facebook and MySpace are ranked first in popularity.	Social networking websites like Orcet, Facebook and MySpace are the most popular.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	But don&#39;t you feel that the more closer we are getting of these sites mentally&#44; practically moving further away from people.	However, as people spend more time on these sites, they spend less time around other actual people.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Similarly there is the website of match making&#44; where by knowing your choice you are provided with a list of people according to your likings.	Similarly, matchmaking websites will provide you with a list of potential dates after you tell them about yourself and your interests.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Can you spend life with your own cologne (of course not physical)?	Can you spend life without a mate?
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	I can&#39;t do it&#44; that is why a life partner is known as better half.	I can't do it, that is why a life partner is called my better half.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	That he/she may cover my deficiencies.	That is because he/she may cover my deficiencies.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Perhaps I received a lesser share of wisdom.	Perhaps I received a lesser share of wisdom.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	From childhood&#44; I thought of everything as being true if it was told by an elder.	From childhood, I thought that anything that adults told me was true.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	In the same way&#44; I was convinced that my father knew the answer to every question in the world.	In the same way, I was convinced that my father knew the answer to every question in the world.
ARQ4J4TLTPBNC	But only that seemed true which was plausible.	But only plausible things seemed true.
ARQ4J4TLTPBNC	I was always perplexed at the need of telling a lie.	I was always perplexed at the need to tell a lie.
ARQ4J4TLTPBNC	Even suffered in this part of my age because of this	Even at this age, I suffered because of it.
ARQ4J4TLTPBNC	So I tried to keep the lies at a minimum.	So I tried to keep the lies to a minimum.
ARQ4J4TLTPBNC	I refrained from giving false hopes to others particularly with Allah’s name	I refrained from giving false hopes to others, particularly with Allah’s name.
ARQ4J4TLTPBNC	And only say God willing when it was my wish that the work was to be done	And only say, "God willing" when I wished the work be done.
ARQ4J4TLTPBNC	Besides Allah knows what is there in the hearts.	Allah always knows what is in their hearts.
ARQ4J4TLTPBNC	This is a disgusting problem which rears its head due to the ignorance of the religion.	This is a disturbing problem which appears because the religion is misunderstood.
ARQ4J4TLTPBNC	According to both our religion and the law in Pakistan&#44; infants should remain with their mother.	According to both our religion and the law in Pakistan, infants should remain with their mothers.
ARQ4J4TLTPBNC	Then when the kids become mature they can decide with whom they want to live.	Then when the kids become mature they can decide with whom they want to live.
ARQ4J4TLTPBNC	You have mentioned correctly that the real problem is the relatives who poison the minds.	You have mentioned correctly that the real problem is those relatives who poison their minds.
ARQ4J4TLTPBNC	Jagirdar thinking on all of our deeds exercises.	Jagirdar thinking on all of our deeds exercises.
ARQ4J4TLTPBNC	Thinking the same thing here working in the property of the father&#44; a new parts and will be opposed the same otherwise his father&#44; the process is commendable and counterfeiting.	Thinking the same thing here working in the property of the father, a new parts and will be opposed the same otherwise his father, the process is commendable and counterfeiting.
ARQ4J4TLTPBNC	Our relationship with the spasm establishments was created the Social abuses.	Our relationship with the spasm establishments was created the Social abuses.
ARQ4J4TLTPBNC	Related widow and the concept of marriage is scarce.	Applying the concept of marriage to widows is rare.
ARQ4J4TLTPBNC	The same unessential beliefs and traditions are being due to the anxiety family system.	The same non-essential beliefs and traditions stem from the family's anxiety.
ARQ4J4TLTPBNC	In our societies if a 50-year-old person or the wife of his wife&#44; her husband if left forward and they should take a second marriage&#44;then why the people didn&#39;t see with a good thought.	Why can't our society accept the remarriage of a widowed 50-year old?
ARQ4J4TLTPBNC	A Pakistani uncle near to his wife&#44; 10 to 12 years ago were passed away&#44; now all children after their marriages the uncle too got married to a widow woman &#44;but his childrens were against them.	A Pakistani man who had always been close to his wife, was widowed over 10 years ago.  This man remarried a woman, a widower herself, much to the dismay and disappointment of his relatives.
A29VL1U4I9F3PD	In my opinion&#44;being alive as her children no one can take the place of our mother we cant tolerate it..like this how many of us believe in this type of thinking!!!	In my opinion, no one can take the place of my mother. Anyone else agree?
A29VL1U4I9F3PD	In my opinion the children of this person should think that after having married all the kids&#44; is there anything wrong in his marrying a widow?	In my opinion the children of this person should think that after having married all the kids, is there anything wrong in his marrying a widow?
A29VL1U4I9F3PD	This way the widow gets a caretaker and uncle also gets someone who will take care of his home.	This way the widow gets a caretaker and uncle also gets someone who will take care of his home.
A29VL1U4I9F3PD	Because his children would certainly be busy in their worldly affairs and would not be having time for him.	Because his children would certainly be busy in their worldly affairs and would not be having time for him.
A29VL1U4I9F3PD	The reason behind this is ignorence.	The reason behind this is ignorence.
A29VL1U4I9F3PD	In future what if their wives refused to work for the old man?	In the future, what if their wives refused to work for the old man?
A29VL1U4I9F3PD	This is the outcome of the social pressure.	This is the outcome of the social pressure.
A29VL1U4I9F3PD	Childeren feel ashamed on the second marriage of their father when people make jokes of such family on this action.	Childeren feel ashamed on the second marriage of their father when people make jokes of such family on this action.
A29VL1U4I9F3PD	Where as they must face the circumstances and say that what their father did&#44;it was just according to Islam.	Where as they must face the circumstances and say that what their father did, it was just according to Islam.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	Even a wife is agreed on the unethical activities of her husband but does not allow her for second marriage.	Even a wife is agreed on the unethical activities of her husband but does not allow her for second marriage.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	If she had the power She wont allow him of this even after her death.	If she had the power, she would not allow him to do this even after her death.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	Along with husband spoils her afterlife too and causes an increase in corruption in society.	Along with husband spoils her afterlife too and causes an increase in corruption in society.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	The customs of US and Islamabad are not really the same as said by the tourists	The customs of the US and Islamabad are not really the same as the tourists say.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	Like that of the the culture of the girls&#44; education&#44; marriages etc.	Such as the the culture of girls, education, marriages, etc.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	The question is that&#44; the widow of the house have a abdominal contraction again.	The question is that, the widow of the house have a abdominal contraction again.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	In IndopPak we embraced Islam centuries ago but can&#39;t get rid of this unlettered thinking and considered traditions and customs superior then Islam.	In IndopPak we embraced Islam centuries ago but can't get rid of this unlettered thinking and considered traditions and customs superior then Islam.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	Second marriage of man as ridiculous&#44; divorce as stigma&#44; divorced woman as untouchable&#44; love marriage as disgrace and man&#39;s marriage with an elder woman as the result of her cunningness is all because of such thinking.	Second marriage of man as ridiculous, divorce as stigma, divorced woman as untouchable, love marriage as disgrace and man's marriage with an elder woman as the result of her cunningness is all because of such thinking.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	Moreover to copy the western nations we declare veil and worship backward.	Moreover, to copy western nations, we declare veil and worship backward.
A290HG650RGY73	Allah bless us all the courage for it.	Allah bless us all with the courage for our task.
A290HG650RGY73	Amen.	Amen.
A290HG650RGY73	Writing Urdu was never that difficult.	Writing Urdu was never that difficult.
A290HG650RGY73	Centuries passed in writing this little.	Centuries passed in writing this little.
A290HG650RGY73	Consider it enough.	Consider it enough.
A290HG650RGY73	Allah Hafiz.	Allah Hafiz.
A290HG650RGY73	Amir taymoori in his book &quot;&quot;Main hoon Taymoor&quot;&quot; writes I realized in my life a secret that if the military commander of the military is in first row then that military would never loose.	In his book "Main hoon Taymoor," Amir Taymoori writes, "I realized in my life a secret that if the military commander of the military is in first row then that military would never loose."
A290HG650RGY73	But here the situations are different here	However, our situations here is different.
A290HG650RGY73	they said this that people are present only to die for us if we die then are pious	Their belief was that people are present only to die for us, and that dying thusly is pious.
ARQ4J4TLTPBNC	Good	Good.
ARQ4J4TLTPBNC	Tonight after isha prayers in the back of the shop&#44; a man in a car the hand&#44; be observant	Tonight after isha prayers in the back of the shop, a man in a car the hand, be observant
ARQ4J4TLTPBNC	The -- in the way&#44;has been forgotten in the car&#44; stop his entire family settled	The -- in the way,has been forgotten in the car, stop his entire family settled
ARQ4J4TLTPBNC	In the norm in Arabic can i understand good&#44; not the said that there is no.	I can usually understand good in Arabic; which is not to say there is no bad.
ARQ4J4TLTPBNC	He ----norm&#44; Riaz&#44; here in Madina my pocket but no one has been cut&#44; please go any help you to forgive the said that a brother&#44; because the with my first in the good work in the individual riyals petrol equipment to the full&#44; left to sleep but little has started the work.	He ----norm, Riaz, here in Madina my pocket but no one has been cut, please go any help you to forgive the said that a brother, because the with my first in the good work in the individual riyals petrol equipment to the full, left to sleep but little has started the work.
ARQ4J4TLTPBNC	I lobbed a fire to the very -- sarders threatened.	I lobbed a fire to the very -- sarders threatened.
ARQ4J4TLTPBNC	This is a condition Tawwab we for the muslims to the vehicles also come with the families items have been printed in at least&#44; pillager.	This is a condition Tawwab we for the muslims to the vehicles also come with the families items have been printed in at least, pillager.
ARQ4J4TLTPBNC	While saying it hour (qayamat (found) under the hand of the&#44; getting better down to deliver.	While saying it hour (qayamat (found) under the hand of the, getting better down to deliver.
ARQ4J4TLTPBNC	God we should have scored amin (amen)	God we should have scored amin (amen)
A1S6DLZLD2K531	no translation	no translation
A1S6DLZLD2K531	The wife of famous singer Adnan Sami reached went to police station for blaming him of torturing her	The famous singer, Adnan Sami's wife, reported to the police that her husband was torturing her.
A1S6DLZLD2K531	&#44; police has advised her to consult the court.	The police advised her to press charges and take the claim to court.
A1S6DLZLD2K531	Saba Galadari wife of Adnan Sami has filed an application against him that Adnan Sami continuously tortures her	The wife of Adnan Sami, Saba Galadari has pressed charges of repeated torture and inhuman conduct against her husband, Adnan Sami.
A1S6DLZLD2K531	and behaves inhumanly&#44;	
A1S6DLZLD2K531	Now she is fed up of this therefore case must be filed against him	She is fed up with his abuse and therefore decided to file a case against him.
A1S6DLZLD2K531	&#44; in place of filing case police asked her to consult the court by saying that this case is not under the jurisdiction of police.	Since this case is not under the jurisdiction of the police, they asked her to consult the court.
A1S6DLZLD2K531	In your opinion the blame of Adnan Sami&#39;s wife on him is true?	Do you believe this claim made by Adnan Sami's wife is true?
A1S6DLZLD2K531	Is it not an attempt of India to defame Adnan Sami?	Or may this be another attempt by India to defame Adnan Sami?
AMD40D0GC1L4R	Adam Sanghar&#44; Meher	Adam Sanghar, Meher
AMD40D0GC1L4R	As far as the allegations are concerned&#44; anyone can levy them on any other person.	As far as the allegations are concerned, anyone can make them against any other person.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	There is nothing superior to honor.	There is nothing superior to honor.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	Whatever is the current state of relations between Adnan Sami and his wife&#44; Adnan Sami left his respectable life and went to India to earn a fortune. The same fame has now importuned him.	Whatever the current state of relations between Adnan Sami and his wife, Adnan Sami left his respectable life and went to India to earn a fortune. The same fame has now importuned him.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	It is the outcome of his wrong doings.	It is the consequence of his wrongdoings.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	Washington	Washington
AMD40D0GC1L4R	American high officials have stated that President Obama will take a stern attitude towards the Afghan President Hamid Karzai.	American high officials have stated that President Obama will take a stern attitude towards the Afghan President Hamid Karzai.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	The new American strategy towards Afghanistan will focus on war instead of development	The new American strategy towards Afghanistan will focus on war instead of development.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	The officials said that Hamid Karzai is being viewed as an obstacle in achieving American interests in Afghanistan because of government corruption and drug trafficking is on the rise and the Talibans are gaining strength	The officials said that Hamid Karzai is viewed as an obstacle in achieving American interests in Afghanistan because of government corruption, a rise in drug trafficking, and the Taliban's increasing strength.
A1RHJJ60P0JWI3	They stated that the policy change came after President Bush left office&#44; who used to have video conferencing with Hamid Karzai fortnightly and emphasized the American role in the rebuilding of Afghanistan and its civil institutions.	They stated that the policy change came after President Bush left office. The former president used to have video conferences with Hamid Karzai, and emphasized America's role in the rebuilding of Afghanistan and its civil institutions.
A1RHJJ60P0JWI3	The Obama administration will work with provincial political leaders instead of the central government.	The Obama administration will work with provincial political leaders instead of the central government.
A1RHJJ60P0JWI3	They said that they will ask Hamid Karzai to intensify the campaign against corruption.	They said that they will ask Hamid Karzai to intensify the campaign against corruption.
A1RHJJ60P0JWI3	Hamid Karzai is facing new elections this year and it is not yet clear whether Obama and his administration are going to back him up in the presidential race.	Hamid Karzai is facing new elections this year and it is not yet clear whether President Obama and his administration are going to back him up in the presidential race.
A1RHJJ60P0JWI3	Does this statement reflect a shift in American policy towards Afghanistan?	Does this statement reflect a shift in American policy toward Afghanistan?
A1RHJJ60P0JWI3	Is Hamid Karzai’s era coming to an end?	Is Hamid Karzai’s era coming to an end?
A1RHJJ60P0JWI3	What is your say on this?	What is your say on this?
A1RHJJ60P0JWI3	Translation of the first sentence goes here.	
A1RHJJ60P0JWI3	Translation of the second sentence goes here.	
ARQ4J4TLTPBNC	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	In recent years, the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity. A major supplement is human growth hormone, commonly known as HGH.
ARQ4J4TLTPBNC	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity. A major supplement is human growth hormone, commonly known as HGH.
ARQ4J4TLTPBNC	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity. A major supplement is human growth hormone, commonly known as HGH.
ARQ4J4TLTPBNC	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity. A major supplement is human growth hormone, commonly known as HGH.
ARQ4J4TLTPBNC	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity. A major supplement is human growth hormone, commonly known as HGH.
ARQ4J4TLTPBNC	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity. A major supplement is human growth hormone, commonly known as HGH.
ARQ4J4TLTPBNC	Babar Hussain&#44; a very well known personality said that&#44; people are ignorant about the cultures and the landlords are targetting innocent people who are now loosing soverignity.	Babar Hussain, a very well-known personality, said that people are ill-informed about the culture and that landlords are targeting innocent people and denying them rights.
ARQ4J4TLTPBNC	Why does the government not take any action against Sardars who ditches a war?	Why does the government not take any action against Sardars who ditches a war?
ARQ4J4TLTPBNC	WHen will the court justice work?	When will the court system work?
AMD40D0GC1L4R	Visit of a foreign team to Pakistan&#44; in spite of Pak India tension is a good sign.	The visit of a foreign team to Pakistan, in spite of Pakistani-Indian tension, is a good sign.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	On reaching Karachi Airport the Sir Lankan team was given a warm welcome.	On reaching Karachi Airport, the Sri Lankan team was given a warm welcome.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	Two matches will be held between Pakistan and Sir Lanka in Karachi while the third one will be played in Lahore.	Two matches will be held between Pakistan and Sri Lanka in Karachi, while the third one will be played in Lahore.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	Both teams are asserting highly regarding their batting&#44; bowling and fielding.	Both teams are highly regarded for their batting, bowling and fielding.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	If Siri Lanka venerates its spinners&#44; Pakistan’s reliance is on its fast bowlers.	If Sri Lanka values its spinners, Pakistan relies on its fast bowlers.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	Sir Lanka’s captain Mahela Jayawardene says that no one player but the whole Pakistan cricket team is dangerous.	Sri Lanka’s captain Mahela Jayawardene says that no one player but rather the Pakistan cricket team as a whole is to be a force to be reckoned with.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	Muralidharan and Mendis will be the trump cards&#44; while Pakistan’s captain says that this competition will be tough.	Muralidharan and Mendis will be the trump cards, while Pakistan’s captain says that this competition will be tough.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	Shoaib Malik has said “we have played Murali Dharan before and will take care of Mendis as well. We have made a secret game plan and will reveal it on the ground”.	Shoaib Malik has said “we have played Murali Dharan before and will take care of Mendis as well. We have made a secret game plan and will reveal it on the ground”.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	Will the Pakistan and Sir Lanka series live up to claims of being interesting and thrilling?	Will the Pakistan and Sri Lanka series live up to claims of being interesting and thrilling?
ASLRRFY2SAJ4D	Who will win the series?	Who will win the series?
ASLRRFY2SAJ4D	Who will be man of the series?	Who will be the VIP of the series?
ASLRRFY2SAJ4D	Inform us of your suggestions.	Tell us your suggestions.
ASLRRFY2SAJ4D	Gulfam from London has published his own statement&#44; you also give importance to such statements. We wish you also write some truth .and do not change statement like Mukherjee&#44; because it is an order to say truth to the despotic ruler is legitimate. And it is equal to jihad. Mukherjee keeps changing his statements to stay in news.	Gulfam from London has published his own statement, and you have given importance to such statements. We wish you would write some truth, and don't change statements, as  Mukherjee has done.  because it is an order to say truth to the despotic ruler is legitimate. And it is equal to jihad. Mukherjee keeps changing his statements to stay in news.
ASLRRFY2SAJ4D	mulk yusuf Dubai	mulk yusuf Dubai
ASLRRFY2SAJ4D	All this is done by these people. Kashmir is fighting for its freedom from past 60 years.	All this is done by these people. Kashmir has been fighting for its freedom for past 60 years.
ASLRRFY2SAJ4D	those who have not asked about it have now themselves in deep violence. talks of comprise has been started	those who have not asked about it have now themselves in deep violence. talks of comprise has been started
ASLRRFY2SAJ4D	first killed Muslims openly now heading for cover it	Those who first killed Muslims openly are now heading for cover.
ASLRRFY2SAJ4D	anyways Pakistan should understand their double policies.	Pakistan should be more aware of their double policies.
A290HG650RGY73	India is making situations so that the Kashmir situation is overlooked.	India is cultivating situations such that the Kashmir situation is overlooked.
A290HG650RGY73	But Pakistan has always shown India&#39;s true face to the world.	Pakistan, however, has always shown India's true face to the world.
A290HG650RGY73	Even the British government is now understanding this&#44; that is why India is now ruining Pakistan&#39;s reputation by terrorism accusations to distract from the Kashmir situation.	Even the British government now understands this, which is why India is actively ruining Pakistan's reputation with terrorism accusations -- to distract the world from the Kashmir situation.
A290HG650RGY73	And hesitates to talk with Pakistan about this.	And _____  hesitates to talk with Pakistan about this.

(there is no subject in this sentence).
A290HG650RGY73	Britains Secretary of State David Miliband said that resolving Kashmir issue will finish off the extremism and the government of Pakistan will be able to tackle the dangers faced at the border efficiently	Britain's Secretary of State David Miliband said that resolving the Kashmir issue will curtail extremism so that the Pakistani government will be able to efficiently tackle the dangers faced at the border.
A290HG650RGY73	It should be noted that recently the newly elected American President Obama has also expressed similar thoughts on the Kashmir issue	It should be noted that newly elected American President Barack Obama has recently expressed similar thoughts on the Kashmir issue.
A290HG650RGY73	Britains Secretary of State said in front of media in Mumbai and also wrote that the idea of war against terrorism is wrong.Killing people for the sake of threats being faced had been the policy of President Bush	Miliband has written as well as stated to media in Mumbai that the idea of a "war against terrorism" is wrong; killing people in response to threats was the policy of former American President George Bush.
A290HG650RGY73	David Milliband said that Pakistan should not have any soft corner for the extremist groups	Milliband also said that Pakistan should not have any soft quarter for extremist groups.
A290HG650RGY73	Is India creating uncertainity in the region to avoid the resolution of Kashmir issue by big powers?	Is India purposefully creating uncertainity in the region to avoid the resolution of Kashmir issue by world stakeholders?
A1BQBQG2GNY8AY	Does India want to avoid the comprehensive talks by on the basis of terrorism?	Does India want to avoid the comprehensive talks by on the basis of terrorism?
A1BQBQG2GNY8AY	Enlighten us with your views	Enlighten us with your views

Share your viewpoint with us.
A1BQBQG2GNY8AY	Usman Aftab.	Usman Aftab.
A1BQBQG2GNY8AY	I think Super powers don&#39;t want to destroy Pakistan	I think Super powers don't want to destroy Pakistan

I don't believe "Superpowers" want to destroy Pakistan.
A1BQBQG2GNY8AY	rather they are thinking of certain policies to control her they are familiar that Pakistan is an atomic power	rather they are thinking of certain policies to control her they are familiar that Pakistan is an atomic power
A1BQBQG2GNY8AY	want to bring some sort of revolution	want to bring some sort of revolution

wish to begin a type of revolution
A1BQBQG2GNY8AY	Foreign countries believe that by cornering Pakistan few hurdles may generate want to support Pakistan and also wish to achieve their goal	Foreign countries believe that by cornering Pakistan few hurdles may generate want to support Pakistan and also wish to achieve their goal
A1BQBQG2GNY8AY	A citizen&#44;USA	A citizen,USA

a citizen of the USA.
A1BQBQG2GNY8AY	Hindus always hit hard and then start speaking sweet.	Hindus always hit hard and then start speaking sweet.

Hindus are always forceful and then begin sweet-talking.
A11Q9MM0B90TAR	We are ready from each aspect.Indian army chief should better shut his mouth up else we are capable to cross attacking.	We are ready from each aspect. The Indian army chief should better shut up, or else we are capable of cross attacking.
A11Q9MM0B90TAR	Faheem Siddique	Faheem Siddique
A11Q9MM0B90TAR	Raas Al Khaima&#44; It is due to America that wrong statements are being given &#44; America is out of its mind but now India is also doing the same&#44; India should try attacking &#44; then it will become crystal clear that who stands where.	Raas Al Khaima said, "It is due to America that wrong statements are being given, America is out of its mind but now India is also doing the same. India should try attacking, then it will become crystal clear who stands where."
A11Q9MM0B90TAR	Israel is attacking Hammas but nobody has that much integrity to stop them. India also want to follow Israel&#39;s foot steps	Israel is attacking Hamas, but nobody has enough integrity to stop them. And India wants to follow in Israel's footsteps.
A11Q9MM0B90TAR	Prime Minister Syed YOusaf Raza Gillini said that the newly elected vice president Joe Biden had played an important role in steping down of previous president musharraf as army cheif and restoring crippled democracy&#44; thats why the government of pakistan has awarded him with Sitare-e-Imtiaz (honour medal)	Prime Minister Syed Yousaf Raza Gillini said that the newly-elected vice president Joe Biden had played an important role in the resignation of previous president Musharraf as army chief and the restoration of a crippled democracy; that is why the government of Pakistan awarded Biden with Sitare-e-Imtiaz (an honour medal).
A11Q9MM0B90TAR	No political party shoud get credit of his giving up of uniform and restoration of the democracy &#44; Parliment is not a mere rubber stamp	No political party shoud get credit for his relinquishment of uniform and restoration of the democracy; Parliament is not a mere rubber stamp.
A11Q9MM0B90TAR	All decisions will be taken in the parliment	All decisions will be taken in the parliament.
A11Q9MM0B90TAR	Prime minister said that the chapter of Doctor Qadeer has been closed	The prime minister said that the chapter of Doctor Qadeer has been closed.
A11Q9MM0B90TAR	What do you think&#44; the peoples protest against dictatorship has no value at all?	What do you think, that the peoples' protest against dictatorship has no value at all?
AO86WZ7I0VQZC	What are your views about this statement of the Prime Minister	What are your views about this statement of the Prime Minister?
AO86WZ7I0VQZC	Do enlighten us with your views	Do enlighten us with your views!
AO86WZ7I0VQZC	Translation of the first sentence goes here.	Translation of the first sentence goes here.
AO86WZ7I0VQZC	Translation of the second sentence goes here.	Translation of the second sentence goes here.
AO86WZ7I0VQZC	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity, a major one of which is human growth hormone, commonly known as HGH.
AO86WZ7I0VQZC	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity, a major one of which is human growth hormone, commonly known as HGH.
AO86WZ7I0VQZC	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity, a major one of which is human growth hormone, commonly known as HGH.
AO86WZ7I0VQZC	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity, a major one of which is human growth hormone, commonly known as HGH.
AO86WZ7I0VQZC	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity, a major one of which is human growth hormone, commonly known as HGH.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	In recent years the number of chemical and herbal health supplements has greatly increased in popularity&#44; a major one of which is human growth hormone&#44; commonly known as HGH.	Many performance-enhancing substances have become popular in recent years.  Among these is HGH, human growth hormone.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Vice President Dick Cheney wants to see Osama bin Laden live or dead.	Vice President Dick Cheney wants to capture Osama bin Laden, dead or alive.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Dick chenney said that Osama bin Laden is living in a a hard and tough area unopened and for their ineffective Organization has been&#44; if Osama bin Laden is alive or also dead arrest him and end this Organization.	Dick Cheney said that Osama bin Laden is living in a a rugged area and his organization is ineffective.  If Osama bin Laden is captured, alive or dead, his organization will end.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	America for the arrest of Osama bin Laden and determination to search should mortgage.	America should continue to seek the arrest of Osama bin Laden.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Did dick Cheney&#39;s wishes will come true for The arrest of Osama?	Will Dick Cheney's wishes come true, and will Osama be arrested?
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Through the opinion	It is our opinion
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Shahih Afreedi like all rounder cricketer on the Faiz Azam trophy in BISA and Habbeb bank match end of first day of had a fight with a spectator.	Shahih Afreedi had a fight with a spectator after the Habbeb bank match on the season's first day.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	At UPL ground after playing the match when Shahid Afreedi came out of the drawing room fans surrounded him.	At the UPL ground, after playing the match, Shahid Afreedi came out of the dressing room and fans surrounded him.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	At one moment of the spectator pulled hand of Shahih Afredi and requested for a snap for which shahid afreedi pushed him and asked to take it later&#44; for the force of spectator shahid afreedi got angry and slapped him before the situation gets worse people there sought out the problem	At one moment of the spectator pulled hand of Shahih Afredi and requested a picture.  Shahid Afreedi pushed him and asked him to take it later.  Spectators saw Shahid Afreedi get angry and slap him.  Bystanders kept the situation from getting worse.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	Anyways i will patch up with this spectator.	Anyway, I will patch up with the spectators.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	What would you say about behavior of shahid afreedi.	What would you say about the behavior of Shahid Afridi
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	gives us your suggestion.	Give us your suggestion.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	Manmohan Singh&#44; the Indian Prime Minister have allegedly said that this environment is by Pakistan	Manmohan Singh, the Indian Prime Minister, has allegedly said that this environment is created by Pakistan.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	Terrorism and state policy of Pkistan	Terrorism and State Policy of Pakistan
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	Manmohan singh&#44; when addressing in the Chief Minister&#39;s conference in New Delhi&#44; said that the Pakistan is supported by the neighbouring countries	Manmohan singh, when addressing the Conference of Chief Ministers in New Delhi, said that  Pakistan is supported by the neighbouring countries.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	After Mumbai attack by the terrorist&#44; the naval path and the Indian coasts are made safe.	After Mumbai attack by the terrorists, the Naval Paths and  Indian Coasts are made safer.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	Prime minister of India said that the November attach in Mumbai was by Lashkae-e-Taiba.	Prime minister of India said that the November attack in Mumbai was by Lashkar-e-Taiba.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	The policy is that the Modern communication systems and the new techniques used in Line of control will increase the infiltration of terrorism .	The policy is that the Modern Communication systems and the new techniques used along Line of control, will increase the infiltration of terrorists .
A1AKLMHYMFGMC2	This marks the anxiety of the Mazhar facets	This marks the anxiety of the Mazhar facets.
A1AKLMHYMFGMC2	How does the attitude of India towards threatening?	What is India's attitude towards threatening?
A1AKLMHYMFGMC2	Regarding this choice.	Regarding this choice.
A1AKLMHYMFGMC2	Zubair Khan&#44; Karachi	Zubair Khan, Karachi
A1AKLMHYMFGMC2	It is extremely sad that the Israelis are openly killing Palestinians. Over here&#44; Kashmir is in the same situation but the Peace Council does not even turn a ear over it.	It is extremely sad that Israelis are openly killing Palestinians. In India, Kashmir is in a similar situation, but the Peace Council doesn't turn a ear to it.
A1AKLMHYMFGMC2	All the groups that are in Kashmir and Palestine&#44; should keep the war going for freedom&#44; and unitedly fight any force that opposes them. One day their martyrdom will bear fruit&#44; God willing.	All groups in Kashmir and Palestine should keep the war for freedom going. They should unitedly fight all forces that oppose them. God willing, a day will come when their martyrdom will bear fruit.
A1AKLMHYMFGMC2	Israeli air attacks are still continued on Gaza&#44; hundreds of Palestinian men&#44; women and children have been martyred.	Israel continues air attacks on Gaza. Hundreds of Palestinian men, women and children have been killed.
A1AKLMHYMFGMC2	The important leader of Hamas Nazaar Rayyan and family has been martyred.	A well known leader of the Hamas Nazaar Rayyan family has been killed.
A1AKLMHYMFGMC2	The Security Council session ended without any decision.	The Security Council session ended without a decision.
A16MCTI18DIPWT	Israeli airplanes bombardment is continued since many days on Palestinian civil population.	Israeli airplanes bombardment has continued since it's many days spent in the Palestinian civil population.
A16MCTI18DIPWT	The whole world reacted on Mumbai attacks but no country including America and England can see bloodshed caused by Israeli attacks.	The whole world reacted on Mumbai attacks, but no countries including America and England can see the bloodshed caused by Israeli attacks.
A16MCTI18DIPWT	Why the major countries of Muslim world are silent?	Why are the major countries of the Muslim world silent?
A16MCTI18DIPWT	What will you wish to say on this double standard of the world.	What do you wish to say regarding this double standard of the world.
A16MCTI18DIPWT	Saeed&#44; New York	Saeed, New York
A16MCTI18DIPWT	I think the actual point that the majority of our nation in illetrate. They even dont know where their money is going to. Government is interested in applying taxes and fullfil their duties. Electricity and Gas shortage will remain same.	I think the actual point  is that the majority of our nation is illetrate. They do not know where their money is going. The government is interested in applying taxes and fulfilling their duties. The shortage of electricity and gas will remain same.
A16MCTI18DIPWT	Because who are elected by public are very well known	Those whom are elected by the public are very well known.
A16MCTI18DIPWT	The crisis of electricity and gas has worsen in whole of the Pakistan	The crisis of electricity and gas has worsened in the whole country of Pakistan.
A16MCTI18DIPWT	&#44; on the other hand gas prices have been raised by average 8&#44; while in few cities unavailability of petrol created immense worry for people.	On the other hand, gas prices have been raised by the average of eight percent. While in a few cities the unavailability of petrol caused extreme alarm for people.
AONMRAHT4MOTN	Industrialists have threatened a shutdown ultimatum.	Industrialists have issued and ultimatum by threatening a shutdown.
AONMRAHT4MOTN	In Karachi people are worried due to 8 to 10 hours load shedding.	In Karachi, people are worried about the 8 to 10 hour load shedding.
AONMRAHT4MOTN	Industrial sector is almost paralyzed.	The industrial sector is almost paralyzed.
AONMRAHT4MOTN	Government Institutions are expressing their opinion by blaming each other.	Government institutions are expressing their opinion by blaming each other.
AONMRAHT4MOTN	Increasing the prices of electricity and gas is not a joke with people?	Increasing the prices of electricity and gas is not a joke with people.
AONMRAHT4MOTN	Why the solutions of the problems are not considered?	Why are the solutions of the problems not considered?
AONMRAHT4MOTN	Is government not seeing the full stop on national development?	Is government not seeing the full stop on national development?
AONMRAHT4MOTN	What steps you will instantly recommend for managing this crisis?	What immediate steps would you recommend for managing this crisis?
AONMRAHT4MOTN	Let us know your opinion.	Let us know your opinion.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	I am surprised that a government claiming to be people’s friendly is unfriendly to the people.	I am surprised that a government that claims to be people-friendly is hostile towards them.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	Non-Availability of electricity&#44; gas and petrol has become a menace.	Non-availability of electricity, gas and petrol has become a menace.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	The government does not have any control over the institutions.	The government does not have any control over institutions.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	The law and order situation is worsening day by day. May Allah have mercy on the country.	The law and order situation is worsening day by day. May Allah have mercy on the country.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	It&#39;s beginning of a new year.	It's the beginning of a New Year.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	Previous year was a year of fun and political tactics&#44; it is also remembered by terrorism	While previous year was a year of fun and political tactics, it is also remembered for terrorism
A1MMSHJHU659AT	It was an end of president Musharraf and end of eight year reign of president Bush&#44; rain of boots on bush and southern rule in Pakistan&#44; Earthquake in Baluchistan&#44; Downfall of economy throughout the world&#44; Heavy marketings	It was an end of president Musharraf and end of eight year reign of president Bush, rain of boots on bush and southern rule in Pakistan, Earthquake in Baluchistan, Downfall of economy throughout the world, Heavy marketing
A1MMSHJHU659AT	Its the eve of new how you see the previous year?	On the eve of the New Year, how you see the previous year?
A1MMSHJHU659AT	From your what will be the political and geographical conditions what will be the policy of Obama?	From your what geopolitical conditions will be the policy of Obama?
A31OCN4MNHUQ6W	Will Pakistani courts end?	Will Pakistani courts end?
What is the likelihood of the Pakistani court system ending?
A31OCN4MNHUQ6W	what will be the relations between Indo - pak?	What will be the relations between Indo - pak?
What will be the relations between Indo and Pak?
A31OCN4MNHUQ6W	Is there any situation of immediate wars?	Is there any situation of immediate wars?
Are there any situations that will result in an immediate war?
A31OCN4MNHUQ6W	From new year what are your resolutions?	From new year what are your resolutions?
What are the resolutions that have been found sense the beginning of the year?
A31OCN4MNHUQ6W	Guide us with your Ideas.	Guide us with your Ideas.
Give us a step by step plan with the ideas you have.
A31OCN4MNHUQ6W	The first anniversary of Shaheed Benazir Bhuttu is being celebrated. She was being assisinated on 27th december&#44;2007 in Liaquat Garden Rawalpindi while addressing a rally	The first anniversary of Shaheed Benazir Bhuttu is being celebrated. She was being assassinated on 27Th december,2007 in Liaquat Garden Rawalpindi while addressing a rally
It is now time to celebrate the first anniversary of the death of Shaheed Benazir Bhuttu. She was assisinated on Deceber 27,2007 while addressing on raly in Liaquat Garden Rawalpindi.
A31OCN4MNHUQ6W	Today Benazir is not amongst us.She was a respected politician and a globally renowned personality. She held a valuable place in the countries democracy	Today Benazir is not amongst us.She was a respected politician and a globally renowned personality. She held a valuable place in the countries democracy
The respected politician and a globally renowned personality Benazir is no lomger with us. She was a valuable asset to the countries democracy.
A31OCN4MNHUQ6W	One year has passed&#44; till today the case of her murder has not been resolved	One year has passed, till today the case of her murder has not been resolved
It has been one year since she was murdered, the case has not as yet been resolved
A31OCN4MNHUQ6W	Her efforts didnot go in vain for the restoration of democracy and the formation of government in Pakistan	Her efforts did not go in vain for the restoration of democracy and the formation of government in Pakistan
She put in much effort for the restoration of democracy and the formation of a new government in Pakistan, it was not in vain.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	How do you visualize the role of Benazir Bhutto Shaheed in the politics of Pakistan	How do you visualize the role of Benazir Bhutto Shaheed in politics of Pakistan?
A1MMSHJHU659AT	Who could have been behind her assisination?	Who could have been behind her assassination?
A1MMSHJHU659AT	Recently she had been awarded with the global award for the human rights. What do you say about her political and democratic efforts	Recently she was given the global award for the human rights. What do you say about her political and democratic efforts?
A1MMSHJHU659AT	The US president bush ruled 8 year after the government to the White House and leaving Camp David presidential camp Office transferred to the White House&#44; so that the new President Barak Obama to the wishes of the worked can be prepared by.	The US president Bush ruled 8 year after the government to the White House and leaving Camp David presidential camp Office transferred to the White House, so that the new President Barak Obama to the wishes of the worked can be prepared by.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	Bush term of eight-year-old in America in the World Trade Center and attacked a historic destruction&#44; the Pentagon Mantua attack and against the terrorism in the international war in Afghanistan and Iraq&#44; the military action in the forces of the countries in this war the American resources full use of Bush and became memorabilia examples.	Bush term of eight-year-old in America in the World Trade Center and attacked a historic destruction, the Pentagon Mantua attack and against the terrorism in the international war in Afghanistan and Iraq, the military action in the forces of the countries in this war the American resources full use of Bush and became memorabilia examples.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	The war of US in the history faced the economic and financial crisis.	The war of US in the history faced the economic and financial crisis.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	What do you think about the gains and loses this world has earned because of the war.	What do you think about the gains and loses this world has earned from of the war?
A1MMSHJHU659AT	Did President Bush&#39;s policies succeed?	Did President Bush's policies succeed?
A1MMSHJHU659AT	The Government of President Bush&#39;s opinion on you?	What is your opinion on the government of President Bush?
AMD40D0GC1L4R	Indian team during tour to Pakistan had to play three test&#44; five one day matches and one twenty twenty match.	During the trip to Pakistan, the Indian team had to play three testa, five one-day matches and one twenty-twenty match.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	Indian Cricket new leader Rajiv Shukla speaking on Zee News said board has requested for tour to Pakistan but as there is a cold war between two countries this tour is not possible	Indian Cricket's new leader Rajiv Shukla, speaking on Zee News, said the board has requested permission for a trip to Pakistan, but as there is a cold war between the two countries this is not possible.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	Is Indian government not allowing cricket team for tour is justified&#44; game should be kept aside of other issues?	Is Indian government not allowing cricket team for tour is justified, game should be kept aside of other issues?
AMD40D0GC1L4R	India view for cricket is not harmful?	India view for cricket is not harmful?
AMD40D0GC1L4R	Indian security system is not good instead of which English cricket team tours India then does India should not tour Pakistan?	Indian security system is not good instead of which English cricket team tours India then does India should not tour Pakistan?
AMD40D0GC1L4R	In this matter what is your opinion.	What is your opinion on this matter?
AMD40D0GC1L4R	Salman Karachi	Salman Karachi
AMD40D0GC1L4R	People who are proud to go to India	People who are proud to go to India
AMD40D0GC1L4R	And make their films and own Videos should now open their eyes and see that how Indians respect you	And make their films and own Videos should now open their eyes and see that how Indians respect you
A2F69LKQ5JCVDG	Adnan Sami should come back to Pakistan in first chance because he is not to be respested there as well	Adnan Sami should come back to Pakistan in first chance because he is not to be respected there as well
A2F69LKQ5JCVDG	Fareed Ahmed	Fareed Ahmed
A2F69LKQ5JCVDG	Karachi	Karachi
A2F69LKQ5JCVDG	Indians got a change in their attitude after Mumbai attacks	Indians got a change in their attitude after Mumbai attacks.
A2F69LKQ5JCVDG	Jugjeet singh started hating Pakistan and Pakistanis as its reaction.	Jugjeet Singh started hating Pakistan and Pakistanis at their reaction.
A2F69LKQ5JCVDG	The point to ponder is that Adnan Sami has sang songs with Aasha Bhonsle.So he is not a bad voiced singer.Adnan Sami should stay in India&#44;no need to come there.	The point to ponder is that Adnan Sami has sung songs with Aasha Bhonsle.So he is not a bad voiced singer.Adnan Sami should stay in India,he has no need to come here.
A2F69LKQ5JCVDG	Muhammad Shah AAlam	Muhammad Shah AAlam
A2F69LKQ5JCVDG	Regarding Jagjit Singh I would tell that he changes colors like a chameleon .	Regarding Jagjit Singh I would tell that he changes colors like a chameleon .
A2F69LKQ5JCVDG	The one who is taking care of situation gives opinion about it.The people of pakistan open up your eyes and see that you are greatly respected in India.Understand their feelings.	The one who is taking care of situation gives opinion about it.The people of Pakistan open up your eyes and see that you are greatly respected in India.Understand their feelings.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	According to foreign news agency the situation has become funny when President Bush along with Prime Minister Noor Almalki in press conference at his office in Baghdad when an Iraqi journalist said to President Bush&#44; &quot;&quot;Dog&#44; this is farewell kiss&quot;&quot;.	According to a foreign news agency, the situation became funny when President Bush joined Prime Minister Noor Almalki in a press conference at his office in Baghdad, and an Iraqi journalist said to President Bush,  "Dog, this is my farewell kiss."
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	After this journalist removed his shoe and threw it at Bush&#44; President bush expertly moved his head out of the way and saved himself.	After this, the journalist removed his shoe and threw it at Bush.  President Bush moved his head out of the way and saved himself.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Second shoe hit the American flag.	His second shoe hit the American flag.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Security officials dragged him out of there.	Security officials dragged him out of there.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	On this occasion President Bush said I don&#39;t know why he did this&#44; shoe was of size 10&#44; I was not bothered.	On this occasion President Bush said "I don't know why he did this, the shoe was of size 10, I was not bothered."
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Do you think that this action by the journalist depicts the anger of Iraqi people against President Bush.	Do you think that this action by the journalist depicts the anger of Iraqi people against President Bush?
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	What will you say about this?	What will you say about this?
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	After the terrorists attacks on Mumbai the tension between India and Pakistan relations worsen when fighter planes of Indian Air Force violated the air space limit of Pakistan in Lahore and Kashmir sectors.	After the terrorists attacks on Mumbai, the tension between India and Pakistan worsened when fighter planes of the Indian Air Force violated the air space of Pakistan in the Lahore and Kashmir sectors.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Due to the counter action of Pakistan Air Force Indian planes were forced to return.	Due to the counter action of Pakistan Air Force, Indian planes were forced to return.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	In the current tensed situation it is the first incident of its own kind.	This is the first such incident, and it comes during a tense situation.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Pakistan Air Force says that Air Force is fully vigilant to defend the country.	The Pakistan Air Force says that it is vigilant in defending the country.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Minister of Information Sherry Rehman says India has admitted that it was a violation of air space limit&#44; however it was a mistake.	Minister of Information Sherry Rehman says India has admitted that there was a violation of air space, but it was a mistake.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Pakistan Army resources declared this incident as crucial.	Pakistan Army sources stated that this was a major incident.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Do you think India really intends to launch an air attack on Pakistan?	Do you think India really intends to launch an air attack on Pakistan?
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Is India&#39;s claim is correct that this violation was a mistake or it was objected to measure the capability of Pakistan Air Force.	Is India's claim correct, that this violation was a mistake, or it was intended to measure the capability of the Pakistan Air Force.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Not this incident will increase tension between the two countries?	Will this incident increase tension between the two countries?
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Tell us your opinion.	Tell us your opinion.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Benazir bhutto martyred after human rights of the Hart International Award was his son and the Chairman of the people&#39;s party has received bilawal Bhutto Zardari.	Benazir Bhutto, posthumous recipient of the Hart International Award, was the mother of the new Chairman of the People's Party, Bhutto Zardari.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	On behalf of the UN resolution of the human rights through political confrontation of the birthday was celebrated on December 10.	On behalf of the UN resolution of the human rights through political confrontation of the birthday was celebrated on December 10.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	On this occasion&#44; the human rights to work for the recognition of the personalities and institutions are being given to the awards in America&#44; Benazir Bhutto&#44; the former Attorney General Luis ramrase throughout the world Clark and Human Rights to the international organization Human Rights Watch.	On this occasion, the human rights to work for the recognition of the personalities and institutions are being given to the awards in America, Benazir Bhutto, the former Attorney General Luis ramrase throughout the world Clark and Human Rights to the international organization Human Rights Watch.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	In this occasion Pakistan&#39;s ambassador to Abdullah Hussain Haroon and other senior diplomatic officials were also present.	On this occasion Pakistan's ambassador to Abdullah Hussain Haroon and other senior diplomatic officials were also present.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	What is your opinion on former prime minister Benazir Bhutto receiving an award.	What is your opinion on former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto receiving an award?
AMD40D0GC1L4R	Sameer	Sameer
AMD40D0GC1L4R	Chicago	Chicago
AMD40D0GC1L4R	Its true that they were killed but we feel sorry that they killed many innocent people in Karachi&#44;at which they feel proud that Naseer Ullah Baber did a good job	Its true that they were killed but we feel sorry that they killed many innocent people in Karachi,at which they feel proud that Naseer Ullah Baber did a good job
AMD40D0GC1L4R	But later&#44;changed at all.	But later,changed at all.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	But it&#39;s also true that they ignored the seniors of their party and nominated their own son as the representative of People&#39;s Party.What sort of democracy is it?	But it's also true that she ignored the senior members of her party and nominated her own son as the representative of the People's Party. What sort of democracy is it?
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	But if the iron axe doesnt contains the handle&#44;it can&#39; cut any thing.	But if the iron axe has no handle,it can't cut anything.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Our leaders own these styles&#44;they are adopting secret ways&#44;that&#39;s why our country is suffering with hardships.	Our leaders are secretive, and that's why our country is suffering.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	May Allah Almighty show the right path to our leaders.	May Allah Almighty show the right path to our leaders.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Panel of people council stated&#44; Including sayeed three Pakistani civilians and Jamate Alqaidas five people names have been given in the list of terrorists.	Panel of the People's Council stated that five terrorists have been named, including Jamate Alqaidas, Sayeed, and three Pakistani civilians.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Security council of Alkaida and Taliban committee have given green signal to list these Pakistanis in the list of terrorists in this list jamaate Alkaidas Amir hafiz mohammed sayeed&#44; adham tanzim Lashkare Tayibas chief Zaki Rhman Laqvi&#44; Shohaib waliyats master Haji mohammed Ashraf are listed.	Security council of Al-Qaida and Taliban committees have allowed the inclusion of these Pakistanis in the list of terrorists in this list: Jamaate Alkaidas, Amir Hafiz, Mohammed Sayeed, Adham Tanzim, Lashkare Tayibas, Chief Zaki Rhman Laqvi, Shohaib Waliyats, and  master Haji Mohammed Ashraf are listed.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Apart from this a saudi civilian mahmood ahmed basik name is also list in terrorists list.	Apart from this, a Saudi civilian, Mahmood Ahmed Basik, is also listed in the terrorists' list.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	In these organizations jamate Alqaida&#44; Pashebaan Kashmir&#44; Al Rasheed trust International are included.	The organizations Jamate Alqaida, Pashebaan Kashmir, and Al Rasheed Trust International are included.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	By law all these organizations and people properties has been undertaken and they were banned from traveling and they have been arrested	By law all these organizations' and people property have been confiscated, they have been arrested, and they were banned from traveling.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	They have to face the court judgment	They have to face the court's judgment.
A3KGFVVJYOR2NL	Why is India without any evidence blaming these organizations for attacks on Mumbai?	Why is India blaming these organizations for attacks on Mumbai without any evidence?
A3KGFVVJYOR2NL	Are there no terrorist organizations in India?	Are there no terrorist organizations in India?
A3KGFVVJYOR2NL	In India How minorities are targeted is the world not aware of it?	How the minorities are treated in India is not news to the world.
A3KGFVVJYOR2NL	Tell us about your opinion	Tell us about your opinion
A3KGFVVJYOR2NL	Eid is the festival of joy and happiness and Muslims sacrifice animals on Eid ul Azha by following the Sunnah of Hazrat Ibrahim.	Eid is the festival of joy and happiness.
Muslims sacrifice animals on Eid-ul-Azha, following the Sunnah of Hazrat Ibrahim.
A3KGFVVJYOR2NL	Despite of this hard time when inflation is at peak political situation is worst&#44; rich and poor make preparations for Eid according to their capabilities and wishes Eid to their dear ones by different ways.	Despite despair, depression and unstable political government, the rich and poor prepare for Eid to their capacity. People greet each other on  Eid in many ways.
A3KGFVVJYOR2NL	We also are providing you an opportunity through blog to wish Eid to your dear ones in form of short messages.	We also are providing you an opportunity through blog to wish Eid to your dear ones in form of short messages.
A3KGFVVJYOR2NL	You can wish Eid through appropriate poetry.	You can wish Eid through a suitable poetry.
A3KGFVVJYOR2NL	Murtaza Jilani	Murtaza Jilani
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	If there would be war then they will fight for Pakistan.	If a war occurs, then they will fight for Pakistan.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	When their love would be felt&#44; just condenming politics will not work. I think between both&#44; there might be going a resulting war.	You cannot simply condemn politics in this case.  I think between these two things, a war is very likely.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B		
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B		
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B		
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B		
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B		
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B		
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B		
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Ajmal butcher is : THE Pakistani INFORMATION Minister	The Ajmal butcher is the Pakistani Information Minister.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	federal Minister for INFORMATION and broadcasting &#44; Sherry Rahman &#44; were sent to THE bbc URDU Service In a Message S. M. S. Ajmal confirmed THE Citizenship Of THE Butcher &#44; Just SO Said that More ARE UNDER Investigation .	The Federal Minister for Information and Broadcasting, Sherry Rahman, was sent to THE BBC Urdu Service.  In a message, SMS Ajmal confirmed The citizenship of the Butcher. More are under investigation.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Prior to this country Rahman &#44; Advisor of Prime Minister refused to his Pakistani citizenship .	Prior to this, Rahman, Advisor of the Prime Minister, refused  his Pakistani citizenship.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	He said that the record of citizens to the organization he NADRA Ajmal had no record of .	He said that he had no record of citizens in the NADRA organization.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	This latest announcement &#44; could not know that the Pakistan Government has now turned its stand on what basis while the Ajmal butcher has confirmed the citizenship .	With this latest announcement, the Pakistani Government  has now reversed its stance since the Ajmal butcher has confirmed his citizenship.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	However &#44; Foreign Ministry spokesman Ajmal butcher of citizenship &#44; according to the Interior Ministry has confirmed .	However, a Foreign Ministry spokesman reported that Ajmal has confirmed his citizenship.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	Prior to this &#44; the BBC Urdu Service and a few other newspapers and TV channels &#44; Ajmal belonged to the butcher from Farid town Okara district of Punjab Province said .	Prior to this, the BBC Urdu Service and a few other newspapers and TV channels reported that Ajmal was from Farid town, Okara district, Punjab Province.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	However &#44; from the government had been refused .	However, the government had been refused comment.
A3OHQRF1MDQ99B	It is not clear now that this is concerned with this Farid Kot of Ajmal or any other area .	It is not clear now that this is concerned with Farid Kot of Ajmal or any other area.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	On tuesday in Isalamabad after a seminar on environmental changes discussing with media people he said that i this period a group parliment party will be reqired in which this comittee will be chosen.	On Tuesday in Islamabad, after a seminar on environmental changes, discussing with media people, he said that in this period a group Parliament party will be required in which this committee will be chosen.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	He said until now Group movement has been chosen and has been placed in the assembly whereas the other political parties will also be placed before parliment.	He said until now, group movement has been chosen and has been placed in the assembly whereas the other political parties will also be placed before Parliament.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	He also told for the end of satarwin party Pakistan public party has sent a notice to all political parties and committee will also go through this notice.	He also told for the end of satarwin party Pakistan public party has sent a notice to all political parties and committee will also go through this notice.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	In one of his answers to the questions he has said that The issue between leader and minister is goin to be sought out in parliament.	In one of his answers to the questions he said that the issue between leader and minister is going to be sought out in Parliament.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	Prime minister said parliament has all rights for making decisions.	The prime minister said Parliament has all rights for making decisions.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	In one of his answers he also said that leader retired General Parwez Musharraf has been asked to quit the position of army prime minister and Pakistani chair person Benazzir Bhutto have also their roles very important who gave emphasis on universal brotherhood and also emphasized on leader parwez Musharraf to remove his uniform	In one of his answers he also said that leader retired General Parwez Musharraf has been asked to quit the position of army prime minister and Pakistani chair person Benazzir Bhutto have also their roles very important who gave emphasis on universal brotherhood and also emphasized on leader parwez Musharraf to remove his uniform
AMD40D0GC1L4R	He also said that American leader Jobatin is in favor of pakistan and south and for his services leader of pakistan has titled him with honor.	He also said that American leader Joe Biden is in favor of Pakistan and the south and for his services the leader of Pakistan has honored him.
AMD40D0GC1L4R	After Mumubai attack every kind of relationship between India and Pakistan will be broken regarding this answering a question Yussof Raza lihalini told Indian government are under pressure hence they give this type of warnings	"After the Mumubai attack, every kind of relationship between India and Pakistan will be broken regarding this," answering a question Yussof Raza Lihalini sad, "The Indian government are under pressure hence they give this type of warnings."
AMD40D0GC1L4R	On the relief mission of the Edhi Gaza	On the relief mission of the Edhi Gaza
A31I8S2VQ4XQM7	Speaking with the BBC Urdu Service from Cairo &#44; he said that he still could not reach Gaza because Egypt and Israel has many are the obstacles standing .	Speaking to the BBC Urdu Service from Cairo, he said that was still not able to reach Gaza because Egypt and Israel had placed many obstacles.
A31I8S2VQ4XQM7	He said that I came here have eight days and not yet allowed him to leave Gaza .	He said that he had been there for eight days and was not yet allowed to leave Gaza.
A31I8S2VQ4XQM7	&#39; in this time in Cairo and I hope that will get the permission to visit Gaza yesterday .	Yesterday in Cairo, he hoped he would get the permission to visit Gaza.
A31I8S2VQ4XQM7	Giving details &#44; he said : &#39; I already to Gaza after only seven days of his visa was and insisted on me in the Pakistani officials asked for help and cultivate a month after بڑھوا but it will go on the condition that only once in Gaza &#44; single اینٹری .	Giving details, he added: 'I'm ready to go to Gaza after only seven days of getting his visa and insiting with Pakistani officials asking for help and getting it a month after. But I will go on the condition that once in Gaza, I'm on my own.
A31I8S2VQ4XQM7	He said that his son and daughters are with them and they want to work in Gaza .	He said that his son and daughters are with them and they want to work in Gaza.
A31I8S2VQ4XQM7	&#39; I get some money in .	To get some money.
A31I8S2VQ4XQM7	Egypt &#39;s Red Cross to a check of million dollars and ten thousand dollars cash so that they are given also sending relief goods into Gaza .	Egypt's Red Cross to a check of million dollars and ten thousand dollars cash so that they are given also sending relief goods into Gaza .
A31I8S2VQ4XQM7	Republican has also selected black man as their leader.	The Republicans have also chosen a black man as their leader.
A31I8S2VQ4XQM7	In the sixth time of elections in The Republican party&#44;Michael Steal has won by taking 151 votes out of 168 votes.	In the sixth round of elections in The Republican party, Michael Steal won by taking 151 votes out of 168 votes.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	The reporters said that among 5 these candidates&#44;who were standing for the Chairman of the Republican Party leadership&#44; in their Michael steal is accepted the moderate leader.	The reporters said that among 5 of the candidates who were standing for the Chairman of the Republican Party, Michael Steele is accepted as the moderate leader.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	After winning Michael steal said in his address &#39;we are going to say this to our friends and rivals that come with us but the people who want to put the infraction they should be ready to go away.Michael Steal belongs to Mary Land where he has been appointed as a Deputy Governor.	After his victory, Michael Steele said in his address "we are going to say to our friends and rivals that come with, us but the people who want to put the infraction, they should be ready to go away. Michael Steal is from Maryland, where he has been appointed as a Deputy Governor.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	he has got popularity in 2004 &#44;when he stood up in the election for a senate seat.	He has gained popularity in 2004 ,when he stood in the election for a senate seat.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	But after losing in the Senate elections &#44;He was given the Chairmanship of party&#39;s political conservative committee.	But after losing in the Senate elections ,He was given the Chairmanship of party's political conservative committee.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	Now after elected as a Chairman of the Republican Party &#44;the country-Wide Campaign of Republican Party will be done under his head.	Now after being elected as a Chairman of the Republican Party, the country-wide Republican Party campaign will be done under his lead.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	He took part in the election on this promise that the will give new life to the party and would use new technique to retain party&#39;s moderate voters.	He took part in the election on this promise that the will give new life to the party and would use new technique to retain party's moderate voters.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	provincial elections in Iraq	Provincial elections in Iraq.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	Year of 2005 after this war - stricken country in the first important elections .	Year of 2005 after this war - stricken country in the first important elections .
A1MMSHJHU659AT	For the 440 seats in the provincial elections &#44; 14 &#44; have landed in امیدوارمیدان more than 400 .	For the 440 seats in the provincial elections , 14 , have landed in امیدوارمیدان more than 400 .
A14HQNH7COGDK2	In view of this danger &#44; that no explosion or any scare in such important day attacks not be all the borders of Iraq &#44; one day before the cell . on Friday .	In view of this danger, let there be no explosion or any terror on such an important day. Permit no attacks at all within the borders of Iraq, within one day before the election on Friday.
A14HQNH7COGDK2	Moreover &#44; closed the airport have been restored and has been imposed a ban on public transport .	Moreover, the airport is closed again, and there is another ban on public transportation.
A14HQNH7COGDK2	According TO INFORMATION &#44; بغدادكی Because of Transport Ban ON Traffic NOT seem ON The roads And Iraqi CHILDREN Playing Football ON The roads ARE Coming .	According to a report from بغدادكی , because of the transport ban, no traffic is seen on the roads and Iraqi children will soon be playing football there.
A14HQNH7COGDK2	security situation during the recent Iraqi elections with one hand &#44; estimate that the year 2011 of the US forces in Iraq after returning from local agencies سیكیوریٹی rein in the country سنھبال would find it or not &#44; other political analyst at a forthcoming autobiography are taking the experience &#44; جاسكےگا guess that Iraqi people from democratic way to bring change in the country are willing to what extent .	security situation during the recent Iraqi elections with one hand , estimate that the year 2011 of the US forces in Iraq after returning from local agencies سیكیوریٹی rein in the country سنھبال would find it or not , other political analyst at a forthcoming autobiography are taking the experience , جاسكےگا guess that Iraqi people from democratic way to bring change in the country are willing to what extent .
A14HQNH7COGDK2	The United Nations help سےعراق provincial elections are being held in and around eight hundred international observers are taking stock of the electoral process .	With the United Nation's help, سےعراق provincial elections are being held. About eight hundred international observers are taking stock of the electoral process.
A14HQNH7COGDK2	Tony Blair Islamic organisation Hamas stressed the need to be included in the talks	Tony Blair stressed the need to include the Islamic organization Hamas in the talks.
A14HQNH7COGDK2	Mehr News Agency quoting the British newspaper the times that the كےسابق Britain Prime Minister Tony Blair in the Middle East peace process to include Hamas has stressed the need .	The Mehr News Agency, quoting the British newspaper The Times, said that the كےسابق British Prime Minister Tony Blair stressed the need to include Hamas in the Middle East peace process.
A14HQNH7COGDK2	Newspaper said that it is important &#44; according to Tony Blair has a way should be found that &#44; through which Hamas should be brought to the Middle East peace process in بلئر on the Bush انظامیہ only talking to Mahmoud Abbas and Hamas to ignore &#44; also severely criticized the western countries are clear that Hamas &#44; the public understand the power Nizami and now it are to be included in talks before it while he was to be E. interpretation to terrorist organization Hamas a terrorist organization which is trying to defend their country from his home of the others is struggle to hold free and the house of which country like Israel occupied the government has kept freezing control 60 years .	The newspaper said that it is important, according to Tony Blair, that a way be found through which Hamas can be brought into the Middle East peace process in بلئر . It also criticized the idea of Bush انظامیہ only talking to Mahmoud Abbas and ignoring Hamas. The Western counties know Hamas, the public understands the power of Nizami, so now they are to be included in talks. Previously it was excluded for being a terrorist organization. Hamas is a terrorist organization which is only trying to defend their country, their home, from Israel. Its struggle is to free  the country over which the Israeli government has kept freezing control for 60 years.
A14HQNH7COGDK2	Israel continued attacks on the 10th day in Gaza	Israel continued attacks in Gaza for a 10th day.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	Israeli defense minister ایہود once departments said on Monday that military action at this time will continue unless the people of Southern Israel Hamas not be safe from attacks of rockets .	Israeli defense minister ایہود once departments said on Monday that military action at this time will continue unless the people of Southern Israel Hamas not be safe from attacks of rockets .
A1MMSHJHU659AT	However &#44; Israel &#39;s attacks by Hamas in spite of firing the rockets &#44; he is being carried by four persons including three civilians were killed in Israel .	However , Israel 's attacks by Hamas in spite of firing the rockets , he is being carried by four persons including three civilians were killed in Israel .
A1MMSHJHU659AT	Hamas leader Mahmoud noontime on Monday of his colleagues &#44; has urged that the Israeli forces crushed and make attacking Israeli citizens .	Hamas leader ordered his colleagues on Monday afternoon to crush the Israeli army and to kill Israeli civilians.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	But a Hamas official said that his organization is the latest violence Monday to consider the situation &#44; Egypt has intention to send a delegation .	But a Hamas official said that his organization is the latest violence Monday to consider the situation , Egypt has intention to send a delegation .
A1MMSHJHU659AT	medical sources in Gaza a Palestinian woman injured in Gaza has said that during the last 10 days &#44; about 530 people have been killed &#44; and he who were killed on Monday in 11 civilians were also are included in which at least five children .	medical sources in Gaza a Palestinian woman injured in Gaza has said that during the last 10 days , about 530 people have been killed , and he who were killed on Monday in 11 civilians were also are included in which at least five children .
A1MMSHJHU659AT	Israel has ground attack in one of their military deaths and 30 more reportedly injured .	Israel has suffered one military death during the ground attack,  and 30 more reportedly injured.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	Israel has رسانی of military action to the cause of foreign journalists from entering the Gaza is allowed .	Israel has رسانی of military action to the cause of foreign journalists from entering the Gaza is allowed .
A1MMSHJHU659AT	Elected Vice President of America Joseph Biden reaches Pakistan	Elected Vice President of America Joseph Biden has visited Pakistan.
A1MMSHJHU659AT	Foreign Minister received the elected Vice President of America	The Foreign Minister has received the elected Vice President of America
A31I8S2VQ4XQM7	Foreign Minister Shah Mehmood Qureshi and high ups of American Embassy received them.	Foreign Minister Shah Mehmood Qureshi and high officials from the American Embassy received them.
A31I8S2VQ4XQM7	American Senator Lindsy Graham is also accompanying Biden.	American Senator Lindsey Graham is also accompanying Biden.
A31I8S2VQ4XQM7	Press Officer of American Embassy Lew Fenter told Voice of America&#44; during his tour newly elected President will discuss several regional affairs with Pakistani Leadership&#44; however he refused to disclose further details.	Lew Fenter, Press Officer of the American Embassy, told Voice of America that the newly elected President will be discussing several regional affairs with the Pakistani Leadership during his tour, however, he refused to disclose any further details.
A31I8S2VQ4XQM7	According to Foreign Office Joseph Biden will also meet Army Chief General Ashfaq Pervez Kiani along with high ups of government.	According to the Foreign Affairs Ministry, Joseph Biden will also be meeting with Army Chief General Ashfaq Pervez Kiani along with other high officials from the government.
A31I8S2VQ4XQM7	It is hoped that in these meetings beside important bilateral and International issues war against terrorism will also be discussed.	It is hoped that in these meetings, other important bilateral and international affairs will be discussed as well as the war against terrorism.
A31I8S2VQ4XQM7	Joseph Biden has been awarded the Hilal e Pakistan	Joseph Biden has been awarded the Hilal e Pakistan medal.
A31I8S2VQ4XQM7	After reaching Islamabad Joseph Biden met President Asif Ali Zardari.	After arriving to Islamabad, Joseph Biden met with President Asif Ali Zardari.
A31I8S2VQ4XQM7	In meeting President awarded him the Hilal e Pakistan medal for playing his role in the establishment of closer ties between America and Pakistan.	During that meeting, the President awarded him the Hilal e Pakistan medal for his role in the establishment of closer ties between America and Pakistan.
A31I8S2VQ4XQM7	It should be noted that Joseph Biden as the Chairman of Committee for foreign relations of American Senate with collaboration of Senator Richard Lugar introduced a bill which proposed a 3 times increase making it 5.7 billion dollars civilian aid for next five years to Pakistan.	It should be noted that Joseph Biden as Chairman of Foreign Affairs Committee of the American Senate along with Senator Richard Lugar presented a bill which proposed a three times increase in civilian aid for next five years to Pakistan, taking it to 5.7 billion dollars.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	In the United States of Andhra Pradesh belonging to the a and software انجبیئر shot and killed by unknown attackers .	In the United States of America, a software professional belonging to the Andhra Pradesh, India, was shot and killed by unknown attackers.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	The 26 - year - old living in سكندرآباد اكشے وشال unknown attacked in two days ago آركینسا state to آورنے ماردی fire . وشال during medical aid &#44; has died in hospital .	The 26-year old living in USA was attacked by unknown men  two days ago and despite medical aid,  died in hospital .
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	He ستیم was an employee of computers in the United States &#44; and فالكن jet was in ایئرویز workers .	He ستیم was an employee of computers firm in the United States , and فالكن jet was in ایئرویز workers .
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	Last year in Andhra Pradesh in the United States &#44; seven student belonging to the hands of non - social elements have been killed .	Last year, seven students belonging to Andhra Pradesh have been killed by anti-social elements, in the United States,
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	the acquisition of higher education and employment in the United States for the deaths the students of the thousands of families in the province has created concern in which children are living in the United States .	The death of the students who have acquired higher education and employment in the United States,  has created concern in the thousands of families in the province whose children are living in the United States .
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	It should be clarified that the higher education and better future for the priority is given to the United States in Andhra Pradesh .	It should be clarified that families in Andhra Pradesh  give top priority to their children's higher education and employment in the United States.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	According to Chennai and figures of the US consulate in South India every year for us visas &#44; with one million دوخواستیں received &#44; in which all means more than 40 percent are from Andhra Pradesh .	According to the figures for US Visas of the US consulate in Chennai, South India, every year one million applications are received from Andhra Pradesh which means means more than 40 percent of their annual figures.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	Meanwhile &#44; provincial government efforts to bring the body of murdered Hyderabad &#44; the start .	Meanwhile, the provincial Government of Andhra Pradesh have started  efforts to bring the body of the murdered students, to Hyderabad.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	Afghanistan: Vote registration under trouble	Afghanistan: Voters' Registration under trouble
A31I8S2VQ4XQM7	In southern parts of Afghanistan for electing leader voter registration at that week was started	Voter registration started in Southern parts of Afghanistan to elect a new leader.
A31I8S2VQ4XQM7	But commision has said that until the security system does not get better&#44; in some of the areas of halmand voter themselves would not register	The commission said however, that until the security improves, voters in some areas would not be registering to vote.
A31I8S2VQ4XQM7	In southern parts of that areas last area there were increase in problems where Taliban revolts have attacked Afghanistan military and bainul aqwani	There have been some fighting between the Taliban rand Afghanistan military in Southern regiosn and bainul aqwani.
A31I8S2VQ4XQM7	In between afghan army and other forces have said between Wednesday and thursday night in taul arze due to fight 25 military personnel were dead	Twenty five soldiers died in Taul Arze due to fighting between the Afghan forces and rebels.
A31I8S2VQ4XQM7	Narito has said his military at the border of Pakistan due to air and land attacks 22 military personnel were dead	Narito said that military personnel at the Pakistan border were attacked by air and land and twenty two soldiers died.
A31I8S2VQ4XQM7	before this israte dafa said that afghan military has killed eight revolts and two were wounded	Israte Dafa had previously said that the Afghan military had killed eight rebels and that two had been wounded.
A31I8S2VQ4XQM7	there was no reason given afghan officials declared it as to reform.	There was no reason given on why the officials changed their report.
A31I8S2VQ4XQM7	revolts at south favored of ban of education of girls	Revolts in the South are to fight agains girls attending school.
A31I8S2VQ4XQM7	revolts has said the warning received by Taliban on education of girls has been favored by tell this&#44; that this is good for law and Islam	Revels say that girls should not attend school to preseve and    abide with the Islamic Law.
A31I8S2VQ4XQM7	He said sick minded people are trying that our people don&#39;t receive education	He said that sick minded people are trying to stop our people from having an education.
A31I8S2VQ4XQM7	In his words: These people privately try to blow ip schools and try to warn girls and boys	In his own words he said that: "These people try to blow up schools and try to threaten boys and girls"
A31I8S2VQ4XQM7	discussing of fear and despair he told&#44; government is well known by this and want to show that the paktoons land cant stop education	He said that the government is aware of this and that they want to show the rebels that they can't stop people from getting an education.
A31I8S2VQ4XQM7	One day before Maulana Fazaullah Taliban revolts from 15th January in south put a ban on girls education in institutions and the institutions which go against the warning will be destroyed	One day before Maulana Fazaullah said that the Taliban revolt from January 15th in the South, had put a ban on girls education in institutions and that the institutions that go against such warning will be destroyed.
A31I8S2VQ4XQM7	In south the revolts are opposing from one and half year in this period they have devastated 150 institutions	The revolts in the South have devastated around 150 institutions during the past year and a half.
A31I8S2VQ4XQM7	Due to this destruction of institutions thousands of girls and boys lost their education	Because of this situation, thousands of girls and boys lost their education.
A31I8S2VQ4XQM7	So after muslims&#44; all believers who are living on this earth should be wiped out according to the command of Allah?	So after muslims, all believers  of other religions  should be wiped out of this Earth according to the commands of Allah?
A31I8S2VQ4XQM7	Najeeb-ur-Rehman Psycho&#44; *Lahore* [P@KI$T@N]	Najeeb-ur-Rehman Psycho, *Lahore* [P@KI$T@N]
A31I8S2VQ4XQM7	No&#44; not to be wiped out but the command is to convey to them the message of Islam.	No, not to be wiped out but the command is to convey to them the message of Islam.
A290HG650RGY73	They will be fought against until they abandon their nefarious plans but this doesn’t mean that a suicide bomber&#44; wearing a jacket&#44; should blast himself in a gathering.	_____ will be opposed until they abandon their nefarious plans, but this doesn’t mean that a suicide bomber wearing a jacket should blast himself in a gathering.

(who is "they" at the beginning of the sentence? needs a subject)
A290HG650RGY73	At one side the United Nations&#44; which apparently talks about human rights and peace&#44; Muslims are wronged and tortured to their limits &#44; but the United Nations only condemn Hammas attacks. For how long will they continue to have this two faced policies	One face of the United Nation appears to care about human rights and peace; the other face allows Muslims to be wronged and tortured to their limits while condemning Hamas attacks.  How long will they continue to have this two-faced policy?
A290HG650RGY73	Why are the Muslims tortured that much&#44; if the American people stop favouring Jews then as God said that they would live worst lives&#44; so Americans&#44; u stop favouring them and then see their fate	Why are the Muslims tortured so much?  If the American people would stop favouring Jews, then they would live worse lives, as God said.  So, Americans, stop favoring the Jews and allow them to see their fate.
A290HG650RGY73	There seems to be two opinions that it is not a very brutal action.	There seem to be two opinions that this would not a brutal action.
A290HG650RGY73	But the question is&#44; on Monday when thousands of Taliban villages were attacklled by samiuah&#44; and the Pakistani army and was where with them?	The question is, on Monday when thousands of Taliban villages were attacked by Samiuah, where was the Pakistani army?
A290HG650RGY73	The army to should not be accountability that a year&#44; he said there?	Shouldn't the army be accountable for being where they say they will be?
A290HG650RGY73	Thousands are killed every day&#44; the number of the mortar shells and battery&#44; the number is very uneasy for Taliban .	Thousands are killed every day; the numberous mortar shells and battery is very uneasy for Talibanis.
A290HG650RGY73	The ISI&#44; I appeal to the Taliban that only thing and we will give tutelage heaven Benazir Swat to the peace.	I, the ISI, make one appeal to the Taliban, that we will give tutelage heaven Benazir Swat to the peace.
A290HG650RGY73	And the fake operation.	And the fake operation.
A6GVEPH4VJWDV	Pakistan denied these blames and said that she will fully cooperate in the investigation.	Pakistan denied these allegations and said they will fully cooperate in the investigation.
A6GVEPH4VJWDV	India said that she has provided Pakistan a list of 20 extremists&#44; who are wanted to India.	India said they have provided Pakistan a list of 20 extremists who are wanted in India.
A6GVEPH4VJWDV	Noe Pakistan said that leader of Jaish e Muhammad Maulana Masud Azhar present in this list is not detained and Government of Pakistan has no information about him.	Pakistan said that leader of Jaish e Muhammad, Maulana Masud Azhar, included in this list has not been detained and the Pakistani government has no information about him.
A6GVEPH4VJWDV	Before this President Asif Ali Zardari has denied the impression that Western Secret Agencies and Indian Government have provided Pakistan the proves of Mumbai attacks.	Previously, president Asif Ali Zardari has denied the allegations that western intelligence agencies and Indian government have provided Pakistan the proof of Mumbai attacks.
A6GVEPH4VJWDV	President Zardari said about Ajmal Qasab that it is not yet proven that he is Pakistani.	President Zardari said that it is not yet proven that Ajmal Qasab is Pakistani.
A6GVEPH4VJWDV	During this Prime Minister Manmohan Singh warned Pakistan that Indian relation with her can&#39;t get better till the time her soil is used for terrorism.	During this Prime Minister Manmohan Singh warned Pakistan that relations between India and Pakistan cannot improve while the Pakistani soil is used for terrorism.
A6GVEPH4VJWDV	And in recent updates Indian Cricket team has canceled its tour of Pakistan.	And in recent updates, Indian cricket team has canceled its tour of Pakistan.
A6GVEPH4VJWDV	Should these political incidents affect sports?	Should these political incidents affect sports?
A6GVEPH4VJWDV	How do you see the future of Pakistan and India relations?	How do you see the future developments of the relationship between Pakistan and India?
A2J85193G537VY	But&#44;please open your eyes to look at the situation and ground realities around you then you will come to know that where American troops have reached .	Please open your eyes to look at the situation and the realities around you, then you will come to know where American troops have reached .
A2J85193G537VY	Besides the country matters do not seems better.The circumstances in NWFP&#44; Baluchistan&#44;and the situation of Karachi in Sindh&#44; are also in front of you .	Besides, country matters do not seems better. The circumstances in NWFP, Baluchistan, and the situation of Karachi in Sindh are also in similar circumstance.
A2J85193G537VY	In this situation the country needs that leader who can make us a united nation.	In this situation the country needs a leader who can make us a united nation.
A2J85193G537VY	May God mercy upon us.	May God have mercy upon us.
A2J85193G537VY	Third to ordinary citizens in this shelters believes that the practice &#44; the government &#44; in this area should be heard .	Ordinary citizens in these shelters believes that the practice of the government in this area should be heard .
A2J85193G537VY	during the process of the security forces in Swat about gunship helicopters and tanks missions of claims killing of many extremists in the bombardment of Taliban in spite of know &#44; but these killings have taken not only more stable &#44; but his government was set up 80 percent &#44; according to Swat an estimate .	During the process of the security forces in Swat about gunship helicopters and tanks missions of claims, the killing of many extremists in the bombardment of Taliban in spite of know , but these killings have taken not only more stable, but his government was set up 80 percent, according to Swat an estimate .
A2J85193G537VY	The result that a government not ready to acknowledge his failure to stability and on the other hand Taliban .	The result is a government not ready to acknowledge his failure to stability, and problem of the Taliban .
A2J85193G537VY	پسا who &#44; brotherhood between citizens .	پسا who , brotherhood between citizens .
A2J85193G537VY	Suwat said that in response to any asked how people &#44; the Taliban got very good because they are custodian of Islam and fighting against the &#39; and &#39; enemies of Islam .	Suwat said that in response: the Taliban got very good because they are custodians of Islam and fighting against the enemies of Islam .
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	And then was asked that the enemies of the country who got response &#44; we have citizens .	And then was asked that the enemies of the country who got response , we have citizens .
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	Resolution about Iraq passed in a few hours&#44; sending UN peace force to Darfur is not a problem.	While resolution on Iraq was passed in a few hours, sending UN peace force to Darfur is not a problem.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	Immediate condemning Mumbai battacks and restricting suspected groups can be done in few hours.	Mumbai attacks can be immediately condemned and the suspected groups can be restricted in a few hours.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	And we are negotiating while death is revolving at our heads.	And we are negotiating, while death is revolving on our heads.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	O&#39; world peace claimers!Life is ending here.	Oh! World Peace Claimers!  Life is ending here.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	If that really awaited for it&#39;s ending.	If that is really awaited for its ending..
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	So that no more victim can even imagine to use a weapon of mass destruction like catapult to have his due rights.	So that no other victim  ever imagines to use a weapon of mass destruction like catapult, to establish his due rights.
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	When a father keeps running taking the dead body of his beloved son&#44;even then you don&#39;t feel any pain in your heart?	Even when a father keeps running with the dead body of his beloved son in his hands, don't you have the heart to feel pained?
A3I6ODKOKTFOOW	If no&#44;then you are no one to be called a human being.	If you don't feel, then you are the one not to be called a human being.
A11Q9MM0B90TAR	Assalamwalekum Rehmate Barkatahu	Assalamwalekum Rehmate Barkatahu
A11Q9MM0B90TAR	Tonight after Ishan&#39;s namaz i was heading towards the shop on the way a person attracted my attention towards him.	Tonight after Ishan's namaz, I was heading toward the shop when a person caught my attention.
A11Q9MM0B90TAR	I thought this person has lost his way or wanted to ask something to me i stopped i saw his whole family along him.	I thought that he had lost his way or wanted to ask me something; when I stopped, I saw that his whole family was with him.
A11Q9MM0B90TAR	He narrated his topic i fluently understand Arabic i told no problem tell me your problem?	He narrated his topic i fluently understand Arabic i told no problem tell me your problem?
A11Q9MM0B90TAR	He started narrating i came from Riyadh here in someone has pick pocketed me you kindly help me out i told i am sorry brother&#44; because this kind of situation is also faced by me before i gave him 20 Rial and guided him to fill petrol and head back to Riyadh but he after moving a certain distance started the same business	He told me, "I came from Riyadh, and I was pick-pocketed here. Could you kindly help me out?" 

I told him, "I am sorry, brother," because I had faced this kind of situation before. I gave him 20 Rial and guided him to a gas station so he could head back to Riyadh. But he only went a short distance away from me when he started up the same business with somebody else.
A11Q9MM0B90TAR	I got very angry and said him a lot and thretened him of cops so he left the place immediately	I got very angry and threatened to call the cops, so he left the place immediately.
A11Q9MM0B90TAR	Si this has been the situation of Muslims now for begging too we use vehicles and come with our families and through out the day cheat three thousand from people	So this is how Muslim beggars work: we use vehicles and come with our families and throughout the day cheat people.
A11Q9MM0B90TAR	Where as in Hadis(saleallah huwa salam) preaches instead of down peoples upper peoples are greater god gives them.	Whereas in Hadis (saleallah huwa salam), it is preached that instead of down peoples upper peoples are greater god gives them.
A11Q9MM0B90TAR	Allah should show mercy on us a true Muslim( Ameen Suma Ameen)	Allah should show mercy on us as true Muslims (Ameen Suma Ameen)
A1R2GH6O4TUGPG	Javed Iqbal	Javed Iqbal
A1R2GH6O4TUGPG	The three one - day matches between Pakistan and Sri لنكاكے series in Sri Lanka has defeated Pakistan by 2 - 1 .	In three one - day matches between Pakistan and Sri لنكاكے series in Sri Lanka has defeated Pakistan by 2 - 1 .
A1R2GH6O4TUGPG	In one - day match before facing defeat to Sri Lanka &#44; however &#44; Pakistan has won the next two میچزمیں Sri Lanka .	In one - day match before facing defeat to Sri Lanka , however , Pakistan has won the next two میچزمیں Sri Lanka .
A1R2GH6O4TUGPG	The national cricket team in the third one - day match is very poor performance &#44; Sri Lanka &#39;s national team only in response to 309 runs ڈھیرہوگئی on 75 runs in 23 overs &#44; and thus it faced a lesson nose of the defeat .	The national cricket team in the third one - day match is very poor performance , Sri Lanka 's national team only in response to 309 runs ڈھیرہوگئی on 75 runs in 23 overs , and thus it faced a lesson nose of the defeat .
A1R2GH6O4TUGPG	This proves that the result of the series is not consistent in the performance of the national cricket team .	This proves that the result of the series is not consistent with the performance of the national cricket team .
A1R2GH6O4TUGPG	Despite home ground &#44; and all the دعووں was hit by national team defeated &#44; in your opinion &#44; what are reasons of this ?	Despite home ground , and all the دعووں was hit by national team defeated , in your opinion , what are reasons of this ?
A1R2GH6O4TUGPG	Authorities كوكھیل of what is necessary to pay more attention on sectors ?	Authorities كوكھیل of what is necessary to pay more attention on sectors ?
A1R2GH6O4TUGPG	Are you satisfied with the selection of the team ?	Are you satisfied with the selection of the team ?
A1R2GH6O4TUGPG	The defeat YOU HOW responsibility will lie on the Sector &#44; fielding &#44; batting or bowling ?	The defeat YOU HOW responsibility will lie on the Sector , fielding , batting or bowling ?
A1R2GH6O4TUGPG	U.S. President George W. Bush in his farewell press conference advised the newly elected President Barak Obama by saying that he has done many mistakes in his presidency and if Barak Obama finds something right&#44;just do it.	U.S. President George W. Bush in his farewell press conference advised the newly elected President Barak Obama by saying that he has done many mistakes in his presidency and if Barak Obama finds something right,just do it.
A1R2GH6O4TUGPG	As the President I have taken steps according to the situation and the Constitution and under the law&#44; given priority to the American interests on my popularity.	As the President, I have taken steps according to the situation and the Constitution and under the law, given priority to the American interests on my popularity.
A1R2GH6O4TUGPG	He said that the US enemy is still planning to attack the America &#44; and the biggest challenge for Barak Obama would have been to stop the attacks.	He said that the US enemy is still planning to attack America, and the biggest challenge for Barak Obama would be to stop the attacks.
A1R2GH6O4TUGPG	He said that not to get the Mass destruction weapons&#44; was my largest disappointment and the biggest mistake was to admit the completion of the Iraq mission.	He said that not to get the Mass destruction weapons, was my largest disappointment and the biggest mistake was to admit the completion of the Iraq mission.
A1R2GH6O4TUGPG	While addressing the American Pesident in the White House in his last press conference has said that it is my last press conference I thank to journalists and other friends who attended this Conference .	While addressing the American President in the White House in his last press conference, he said it is my last press conference I thank to journalists and other friends who attended this Conference .
A1R2GH6O4TUGPG	Do you think that Obama will not repeat those mistakes which were done by Bush?	Do you think that Obama will not repeat the mistakes made by Bush?
A1R2GH6O4TUGPG	Has it been delayed by Bush to acknowledge the mistake?	Has it been delayed by Bush to acknowledge the mistake?
A1R2GH6O4TUGPG	Shall Obama follow the advice of Bush conciliatory?	Shall Obama follow the advice of Bush conciliatory?
A1R2GH6O4TUGPG	Give us your opinion.	Give us your opinion.
